Thank you so much.  That's so nice.  Isn't he a great guy.  He doesn't get a fair press; he doesn't get it.  It's just not fair.  And I have to tell you I'm here, and very strongly here, because I have great respect for Steve King and have great respect likewise for Citizens United, David and everybody, and tremendous resect for the Tea Party.  Also, also the people of Iowa.  They have something in common.  Hard-working people.  They want to work, they want to make the country great.  I love the people of Iowa.  So that's the way it is.  Very simple.  
With that said, our country is really headed in the wrong direction with a president who is doing an absolutely terrible job.  The world is collapsing around us, and many of the problems we've caused.  Our president is either grossly incompetent, a word that more and more people are using, and I think I was the first to use it, or he has a completely different agenda than you want to know about, which could be possible.  In any event, Washington is broken, and our country is in serious trouble and total disarray.  Very simple.  Politicians are all talk, no action.  They are all talk and no action.  And it's constant; it never ends.  
And I'm a conservative, actually very conservative, and I'm a Republican.  And I'm very disappointed by our Republican politicians.  Because they let the president get away with absolute murder.  You see always, oh we're going to do this, we're going to--.  Nothing ever happens; nothing ever happens.  
You look at Obamacare.  A total catastrophe and by the way it really kicks in in '16 and it is going to be a disaster.  People are closing up shops.  Doctors are quitting the business.  I have a friend of mine who's a doctor, a very good doctor, a very successful guy.  He said, I have more accountants than I have patients.  And he needs because it is so complicated and so terrible and he's never had that before and he's going to close up his business.  And he was very successful guy.  But it's happening more and more.
Look at Obamacare with a $5 billion website.  I have many websites, many, many websites.  They're all over the place.  But for $10, okay?
Now everything about Obamacare was a lie.  It was a filthy lie.  And when you think about it, lies, I mean are they prosecuted?  Does anyone do anything?  And what are the Republican politicians doing about it?  He lied about the doctor, he lied about every aspect.  You can keep your plan.  And you've all heard that hundreds of times.  That's like the real estate location, location.  I don't even say it anymore because everybody goes location, location.  But you have heard this about Obamacare.  
And it's disgraceful.  It's a big, fat, horrible lie.  Your deductibles are going through the roof.  You're not going to get--unless you're hit by an army tank, you're not going to get coverage.  And people that had plans that they loved, that they really loved, don't have those plans anymore.  So it's a real, real disaster.  And somebody has to repeal and replace Obamacare.  And they have to do it fast and not just talk about it.
Now, we have to build a fence.  And it's got to be a beauty.  Who can build better than Trump?  I build; it's what I do.  I build; I build nice fences, but I build great buildings.  Fences are easy, believe me.  I saw the other day on television people just walking across the border.  They're walking.  The military is standing there holding guns and people are just walking right in front, coming into our country.  It is so terrible.  It is so unfair.  It is so incompetent.  And we don't have the best coming in.  We have people that are criminals, we have people that are crooks.  You can certainly have terrorists.  You can certainly have Islamic terrorists.  You can have anything coming across the border.  We don't do anything about it.  So I would say that if I run and if I win, I would certainly start by building a very, very powerful border.
Again, the politicians talk about it and they do nothing about it.  Benghazi.  Oh, Benghazi, Benghazi.  Everything is Benghazi.  What happens?  Nothing.  
IRS, e-mails.  I get sued all the time, okay.  I run a big business.  You know I've always said it's very, very hard for a person who is very successful.  I have done so many deals.  Almost all of them have been tremendously successful.  You'll see that when I file my statements.  I mean you will see; you will be very proud of me, okay.  But I've always said, and I said it strongly, it's very hard for somebody that does tremendous numbers of deals to run for politics, run for political office, any office, let alone president.  Because you've done so much; you've beaten so many people; you've created so many--  Look, Obama, what did he do?  No deal.  He never did a deal.  He did one deal.  A house.  And if you did that house you'd be in jail right now, okay.  He got away with murder.  But I can tell you, e-mails.  IRS, the e-mails, thousands of them, they were lost; they were lost.  If you were in my world you would know that e-mails can't be lost; they can't be lost.  So why aren't our politicians finding out where those e-mails are?  
They talk about executive orders and they talk about immigration and they talk about oh well we have to stop the border; that's the end of it.  Believe me if I did something you would have a border that would be great.  But they talk about it.  And then you have a president that does an executive order.  Nobody even heard of an executive order.  He does it to let people come in and nobody does anything about executive orders.  Why didn't they go to court and ask for declaratory judgment--which is something that when you know somebody is going to go after you and when it's in writing, and he's been saying it for a long time; he said, I'm going to approve this and that--why didn't our Republicans go in and get a declaratory judgment from the courts because you could have started the process six months earlier.  Instead they have a weak lawsuit, that probably the time it's finished, I know so much about this, six, seven, eight years from now everyone's going to forget about it.  We'll be into a different mode, and our country will be further destroyed.  So we have to do something. 
Jobs.  China.  I mean I've made so much money fighting against the Chinese.  One of the best deals I ever did was against the Chinese, and they respect me for it.  And I know them.  And they say, we can't believe what we're getting away with.  We can't believe how stupid your leaders are.  They tell me that.  Now they don't know I'm going to go and make a speech about it, but why not.  But they tell me that.  
And by the way, especially for the folks here that sell so much--goods, I mean the goods you sell are incredible; I don't know if you've been watching what's happening with the devaluations of so many countries.  The Euro, China is going crazy with the devaluation.  I never thought that they'd have the guts to do what they're doing.  They are devaluing down to nothing.  And what it's going to do is make it impossible for you to sell your product; it's going make it impossible for you to compete.  And they're getting away with it.  And they wouldn't have even done it two years ago, but now they feel we're so weak and we have so many different problems all over the world that they can do it.  But you watch this devaluation of all of it.  I mean the Euro, China, Mexico; everybody is devaluing.  And when you hear the dollar is getting stronger, it sounds good.  You know it's one of those things, sounds good.  Be very careful.  Be very careful.  Because we're just going to lose more and more business to these foreign countries that really know what they are doing.  They have it set.  Don't forget another thing.  China became the number one economic power a year ago.  That was unthinkable; to think that that was going to happen.  It was absolutely unthinkable.  So it happened and it's very, very sad.  
Now we spent $2 trillion in Iraq.  We got nothing.  They don't even respect us; they don't even care about us.  Until they started getting their ass kicked, and call, oh please come back and help us.  We want you out; then all of the sudden a new group forms, ISIS.  By the way, you know how they formed.  They took the oil.  And for those of you that know and love Donald Trump--there are some of you--have I been saying for four years, keep the oil.  So now ISIS has the oil.  And the stuff that ISIS doesn't have, Iran is going to take.  So we get nothing.  We have $2 trillion and we have thousands of lives lost, thousands, and we have, what do we have.  I mean I walk down the streets of New York and I see so many wounded warriors, incredible people.  And we have to help those people, we have to help our vets, we have to help our military, we have to build our military.  But, and we have to do it fast; we have to do it fast.  We have incompetent people.  They put people in charge that have no clue what they're doing.  It needs money.  
We have to make our country rich again so we do that, so we can save Social Security.  'Cause I'm not a cutter; I'll probably be the only Republican that does not want to cut Social Security.  I'm not a cutter of Social Security; I want to make the country rich so that Social Security can be afforded, and Medicare and Medicaid.  Get rid of the waste, get rid of the fraud, but you deserve your Social Security; you've been paying your Security.  And like, I like Congressman Ryan, I like a lot of the people that are talking about you know cutting Social Security, and by the way the Democrats are eating your lunch on this issue.  It's an issue that you're not going to win; you've got to make the country rich again and strong again so that you can afford it, and so you can afford military, and all of the other things.  
Now, we have a game changer now, and the game changer is nuclear weapons.  We really do have to get strong, and we have to get strong fast.  We can't let Iran get a nuclear weapon.  We can't do it.  Can't do it.  We cannot let that happen.  You know in the old days, I would have said 100 years ago, 50 years ago, 30 years ago, pull out and let them fight each other.  
Here we are in Syria.  We're fighting people that want to overturn Syria.  Think of this.  We're fighting ISIS, but ISIS wants to overturn the government.  Maybe you let them fight for a little while and then you take out the one that remains, okay.  But think of it; think of it.  ISIS is fighting them and we are bombing the hell out of them, but we want Syria to fall.  There are so many things; there are so many things.  
But the one game changer that we have to be careful with, that we never really had to think about  too much before, other than a cetain number of years ago, is the nuclear.  Nuclear today, it's not like soldiers in uniforms shooting rifles.  You can take out the East Coast of this country, you can take out large sections of the Midwest, you can take out things that were unthinkable.  The power.  And we have to be in a position where that never, ever, ever, every happens.  We've never had this before.  
We have a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money there.  We're trying to do the right thing.  We have leadership, again--no leadership respects us.  You know, leadership of other places never respect stupid people, okay, that's one thing you're going to find.  The same thing is happening there.  And I never knew that Afghanistan until a year ago or so, Afghanistan has tremendous wealth in minerals, different, not the oil, but minerals.  And we're fighting here, and on the other side of the mountain China is taking out all the minerals.  They're taking it out.  Trillion of dollars and millions of dollars of minerals.  So we're fighting here and they are taking it out, looking at us and saying thank you very much sucker.  It's really, really crazy.
So we have to rebuild quickly our infrastructure of this country.  If we don't--  The other day in Ohio a bridge collapsed.  Bridges are collapsing all over the country.  The reports on bridges and the like are unbelievable, what's happening with our infrastructure.
I go to Saudi Arabia, I go to Dubai; I am doing big jobs in Dubai.  I go to various different places.  I go to China.  They are building a bridge on every corner.  They have bridges that make the George Washington Bridge like small time stuff.  They're building the most incredible things you have ever seen.  They are building airports in Qatar--which they like to say "cutter" but I've always said "qatar" so I'll keep it "qatar" what the hell.  But they're building, they're building an airport and have just completed an airport the likes of which you have never seen, in Dubai an airport the likes of which you have never seen.  And then I come back to LaGuardia where the runways have potholes.  The place is falling apart.  You go into the main terminal and they have a terraza floor that's so old it's falling apart.  And they have a hole in it, and they replace it with asphalt.  So you have a white terraza floor and they put asphalt all over the place.  This is inside, not outside.  And I just left Dubai where they have the most incredible thing you've ever seen.  In fact my pilot said oh Mr. Trump this is such an honor.  I said it's not an honor; they're just smart.  But you look at LAX, and you look at Kennedy Airport, and you look at our airports generally, you look at our roadways where they're crumbling.  
You look at all of the things that are bad--  I'll give you an example. And this isn't part of what I was going to say, but I ride down the highways and somebody makes those guard rails.  You know the guard rails.  The ones that sort of go like this [demonstrates with hand] that are always  bent, rusted and horrible.  Did you ever see more than like 20 feet which isn't corroded, or bent or the heat, if it gets too hot, it just crushes.  Now they've been selling this thing for 25 years.  Why doesn't someone stop them and get something that works.  Because they don't know; they don't know what's happening.  Somebody made a lot of money on that.  They don't know what is happening. 
So we have to make our country great again.  We have to rebuild our country.  And we have a long way to go.  We are just in such serious trouble because we owe so much money.  Now we owe it to the Chinese, a lot of it.  We owe it to other countries.  They're the ones that hold the debt.  And then we give them money.  We have countries that we owe money to and yet we're giving them subsidies.  I just ordered thousands of television sets and between LG and Samsung and I mean you know--  No American company comes to see and comes to bid.  It's South Korea, and whenever they have a problem we send the battleships, we send the destroyers, we send our airplanes, we're going to protect them.  What are we doing; why aren't they paying us?  Why aren't they paying us; what are we doing?  I order thousands and thousands of sets all the time, for some reason it's South Korea.  You know whether it's China, South Korea, but in this case televisions, South Korea.  Why aren't they doing something to justify what is going on?  
Now, we have a very important election coming up.  We have a presidential election coming up. And we have some good people.  Nobody like Trump of course, but these are minor details.  We have some good people.
It' can't be Mitt because Mitt ran and failed.  He failed.  I mean I liked him.  Look--like him, dislike him--the 47% statement that he made, that's not going away.  The Romneycare from Massachusetts, that's not going away.  What do you think they're going to say oh we won't bring that up this time.  It's not fair because it was a long t--  That doesn't work.  But more importantly, he choked.  Something happened to him in the last month.  He had that election won.  And let me tell you something.  That election, sort of like a dealmaker that can't close the deal.  I know many of those guys; they get it up to the one-yard line, they go ah, ah I can't close it.  Or a golfer that can't sink the three-footer to win the tournament.  And there are many of them.  Most people are like that; I mean most people are like that.  You can't give somebody another chance, 'cause actually I think this election is tougher to win than beating a failed president.  I really do.  I think beating Obama would have been a much easier one than the one that's coming up, which is sad to say but true.  So you can't have Romney.  He choked.
You can't have Bush.  The last thing we need is another Bush.  Now I made that statement very strongly, and now every one says the last thing--  You know they copied it.  I'll be accused of copying the statement; that's the bad thing.  But I said it.  I was the one that said it first, and I mean it.  The last thing we need is another Bush.  Now, he's totally in favor of Common Core; that's a disaster, that's bad, it should be local and all of that.  But he's totally in favor of Common Core.  He's very, very weak on immigration.  Don't forget--remember his statement--they come for love.  I say, what?  Come for love?  You've got these people coming, half of them are criminals.  They're coming for love?  They're coming for a lot of other reasons, and it's not love.  And when he runs, you got to remember his brother really gave us Obama.  I was never a big fan, but his brother gave us Obama.  'Cause Abraham Lincoln coming home back from the dead could not have won the election because it was going so badly and the economy was just absolutely in shambles that last couple of months.  And then he appointed Justice Roberts.  And Jeb wanted Justice Roberts.  And Justice Roberts basically approved Obamacare in a shocking decision that nobody believes.  So you can't have Jeb Bush.  And he's going to lose aside from that; he's not going to win.  So Mitt and--you just can't have those two.  That's it.  That's it.  It's so simple.
So just in summing up and I just wrote a few of these little points down because it's very important.  And I watch these teleprompters, and by the way I think any president candidate that runs should not be allowed to use a teleprompter, because we got one that uses teleprompters.  And people say, oh he is so quick on his feet.  He is reading it. I mean give me a break. Everything is read.  You don't really test the mettle of a man or a woman unless they can get up on stage and talk.  And that's what we ended up getting--the king of teleprompters.  But, so when I look at these things here I say you know what, it's so much easier, it would be so nice, just bah, pa, bah, pa, bah, bing, bing, bing.  No problems, get off stage, everybody falls asleep and that's the end of that.  But we have to do something about these teleprompters.  
But in looking at these situations--  I built an incredible company.  And you'll see that.  An incredible company; a wonderful company.  I employ thousands of people and I love doing what I'm doing.  And in a certain way, I wish I weren't doing this, but our country is in such trouble and would be so easy to fix.  We have such great potential.
So if I run for president and if I win, I would totally succeed in creating jobs, defeating ISIS and stopping the Islamic terrorists - and you have to do that, reducing the budget deficit - so important, have to do it, securing our Southern border - and I mean seriously securing it - stopping nuclear weapons in Iran and elsewhere; 
saving Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, without cutting it down to the bone because it's not fair to people that have been paying for their whole lives and other people and it's not fair to future people coming up, and we can do it;
repealing Obamacare and replacing it with something far better for the people, and far less expensive, both for the people and for the country.  And believe me there are plans that are so much better for everybody.  And everybody can be covered.  I'm not saying leave 50-percent of the people out.  Everybody can be c-- This plan is just a basic disaster.  Nobody knows.  As bad as the website was, this is how bad the plan itself is;
fixing our country's infrastructure, our bridges, our schools, our highways, our airports.  And that, I can tell you, nobody is close to Trump.  I just got the best hotel in North America.  I'm building, which is sort of interesting, think of this one.  I'm building one of the great hotels of the world on Pennsylvania Avenue, right opposite the White House, between the White House and Congress.  Right on Penn.--  The  Old Post Office site, and I got it from Obama.  Do you believe that?  And everybody wanted it.  So, I can't believe it myself.  But it's going to be fantastic;  
and so many other things. 
I know what needs to be done to make America great again.  We can make this country great again.  The potential is enormous.  And I am serious thinking of running for president because I can do the job.  
Thank you all very much.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much, everybody.  Thank you.  Beautiful.  Thank you.
Thank you very much. It's great to be in a wonderful city -- New York. And it's an honor to have everybody here.
Our country is in serious trouble.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East. The oil that, when we left Iraq, we should have taken, now ISIS has. And what they don't have, Iran has. I want to have the strongest military that we've ever had -- and we need it more now than ever -- but I said, "Don't hit Iraq. You're going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East. Iran -- and somebody else -- will get the oil."
We spent $2 trillion in Iraq. We lost thousands of lives. We have thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers. And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it. 2,300 Humvees were left behind for the enemy.
Last quarter -- it was just announced -- our gross domestic product was below zero. Our labor participation rate was the worst since 1978. And our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. A lot of people can't get jobs. They can't get jobs because there are no jobs -- because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs.
Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger. And we as a country are getting weaker. Our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. We have a disaster called Obamacare. Deductibles are through the roof.
Politicians are all talk, no action. My fellow Republicans want me to support them. And they don't talk jobs and they don't talk China. China is killing us; they're devaluing their currency to a level that makes it impossible for our companies to compete. I watch speeches, and they say wonderful things will happen. And the people are saying, "I just want a job. I don't need the rhetoric; I want a job."
Obamacare kicks in in 2016. It's going to be destructive. Patients are beside themselves; they had a plan that was good, and they have no plan now. We have to repeal Obamacare. It can be replaced with something much better -- much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. We can do it.
Politicians will never make America great. They're controlled by lobbyists, donors, and special interests. We have to stop doing things for some people; it's destroying our country. It has to stop now.
Our country needs a truly great leader. We need a leader that can bring back jobs, bring back manufacturing, bring back our military, take care of our vets. And we also need a cheerleader. We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again.
I have the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again. So ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States.
We are going to make our country great again.
Our country has tremendous potential; we have tremendous people. And the greatest social program is a job. I will be "the jobs President." I'll bring back our jobs from China, from Mexico, from Japan. I'll bring back our jobs, and I'll bring back our money. We owe China $1.3 trillion; we owe Japan more than that.
Our president is a bad negotiator. The deal he's making with Iran -- he makes that deal, Israel won't exist very long. We have to protect Israel.
I'm a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need talented people to negotiate for you. If you don't have talented people, if you don't have great leadership, if you don't have people that know business, if you have people that aren't smart -- people that are controlled by special interests -- it's just not going to work.
China's leaders are much smarter than our leaders. They're building a military island in the middle of the South China sea. They built it in about one year. They're building up their military to a point that it's a problem. And the new China -- in terms of trade -- is Mexico. So I'm running for president.
$18 trillion in debt; a military that needs equipment; nuclear weapons that are obsolete -- what are we doing?
Bush took five days to answer the question -- Rubio was unable to answer the question -- "Was Iraq a good thing or bad thing?" How are these people going to lead us? They can't. They can't make our country rich again, and therefore make it great again.
We need the right people. This is going to be an election that's based on competence. This is going to be an election that's based on competence because people are tired of being ripped off; they're tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, and twenty-five countries are better than us in education.
We're becoming a third-world country because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads.
I started off in a small office with my father in Brooklyn. I love my father; he was a great negotiator. I learned so much just sitting at his feet. After four years in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot of deals: the Grand Hyatt Hotel; the convention center on the West Side. I'm proud of my success. I've employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. I have assets of $9,240,000,000. I have a total net worth over $10 billion. I'm not bragging -- that's the kind of thinking our country needs. According to the economists, we will soon become Greece -- a country that's unsalvageable. We're going to be there soon.
So I would repeal and replace Obamacare, and I would build a wall on our southern border. Nobody would be tougher on ISIS. I will find, within our military, the right guy to take that military and make it really work. I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. I will immediately terminate President Obama's illegal executive order on immigration; protect the Second Amendment; end Common Core; rebuild the country's infrastructure -- our bridges, our roadways, our airports; save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security -- get rid of fraud, waste, and abuse, taking back all of the money that's being lost; renegotiate our foreign trade deals; reduce our $18 trillion in debt; strengthen our military; and take care of our vets.
The American dream is dead. But if I get elected president, I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
We will make America great again.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Wow. Whoa. That is some group of people. Thousands.
So nice, thank you very much. That’s really nice. Thank you. It’s great to be at Trump Tower. It’s great to be in a wonderful city, New York. And it’s an honor to have everybody here. This is beyond anybody’s expectations. There’s been no crowd like this.
And, I can tell, some of the candidates, they went in. They didn’t know the air-conditioner didn’t work. They sweated like dogs.
They didn’t know the room was too big, because they didn’t have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS? I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Our country is in serious trouble. We don’t have victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we don’t have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let’s say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn’t exist, folks. They beat us all the time.
When do we beat Mexico at the border? They’re laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they are beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me. But they’re killing us economically.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else’s problems.
Thank you. It’s true, and these are the best and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.
But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we’re getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. They’re sending us not the right people.
It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably — probably — from the Middle East. But we don’t know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don’t know what’s happening. And it’s got to stop and it’s got to stop fast.(APPLAUSE)
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East. They’ve become rich. I’m in competition with them.
They just built a hotel in Syria. Can you believe this? They built a hotel. When I have to build a hotel, I pay interest. They don’t have to pay interest, because they took the oil that, when we left Iraq, I said we should’ve taken.
So now ISIS has the oil, and what they don’t have, Iran has. And in 19 — and I will tell you this, and I said it very strongly, years ago, I said — and I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that we’ve ever had, and we need it more now than ever. But I said, “Don’t hit Iraq,” because you’re going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East, Iran and somebody else will get the oil, and it turned out that Iran is now taking over Iraq. Think of it. Iran is taking over Iraq, and they’re taking it over big league.
We spent $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives, thousands in Iraq. We have wounded soldiers, who I love, I love — they’re great — all over the place, thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers.
And we have nothing. We can’t even go there. We have nothing. And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it.
Last week, I read 2,300 Humvees — these are big vehicles — were left behind for the enemy. 2,000? You would say maybe two, maybe four? 2,300 sophisticated vehicles, they ran, and the enemy took them.
You’re right.
Last quarter, it was just announced our gross domestic product — a sign of strength, right? But not for us. It was below zero. Whoever heard of this? It’s never below zero.
Our labor participation rate was the worst since 1978. But think of it, GDP below zero, horrible labor participation rate.
And our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don’t believe the 5.6. Don’t believe it.
That’s right. A lot of people up there can’t get jobs. They can’t get jobs, because there are no jobs, because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs. They all have jobs.
But the real number, the real number is anywhere from 18 to 19 and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody talks about it, because it’s a statistic that’s full of nonsense.
Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn’t work.
It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don’t know if it worked. And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say, “That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue. They don’t know what they’re doing. They don’t know what they’re doing.”
We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare.
Yesterday, it came out that costs are going for people up 29, 39, 49, and even 55 percent, and deductibles are through the roof. You have to be hit by a tractor, literally, a tractor, to use it, because the deductibles are so high, it’s virtually useless. It’s virtually useless. It is a disaster. And remember the $5 billion Web site? $5 billion we spent on a Web site, and to this day it doesn’t work. A $5 billion Web site.
I have so many Web sites, I have them all over the place. I hire people, they do a Web site. It costs me $3. $5 billion Web site.
Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk, no action. Nothing’s gonna get done. They will not bring us — believe me — to the promised land. They will not.
As an example, I’ve been on the circuit making speeches, and I hear my fellow Republicans. And they’re wonderful people. I like them. They all want me to support them. They don’t know how to bring it about. They come up to my office. I’m meeting with three of them in the next week. And they don’t know — “Are you running? Are you not running? Could we have your support? What do we do? How do we do it?”
I like them. And I hear their speeches. And they don’t talk jobs and they don’t talk China. When was the last time you heard China is killing us? They’re devaluing their currency to a level that you wouldn’t believe. It makes it impossible for our companies to compete, impossible. They’re killing us.
But you don’t hear that from anybody else. You don’t hear it from anybody else. And I watch the speeches.
Thank you.
I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. And people are saying, “What’s going on? I just want a job. Just get me a job. I don’t need the rhetoric. I want a job.”
And that’s what’s happening. And it’s going to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in ’16, 2016. Obama is going to be out playing golf. He might be on one of my courses. I would invite him, I actually would say. I have the best courses in the world, so I’d say, you what, if he wants to — I have one right next to the White House, right on the Potomac. If he’d like to play, that’s fine.
In fact, I’d love him to leave early and play, that would be a very good thing.
But Obamacare kicks in in 2016. Really big league. It is going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend who’s a doctor, and he said to me the other day, “Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses. It’s a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had a plan that was good. They have no plan now.”
We have to repeal Obamacare, and it can be — and — and it can be replaced with something much better for everybody. Let it be for everybody. But much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. And we can do it.
So I’ve watched the politicians. I’ve dealt with them all my life. If you can’t make a good deal with a politician, then there’s something wrong with you. You’re certainly not very good. And that’s what we have= representing us. They will never make America great again. They don’t even have a chance. They’re controlled fully — they’re controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests, fully.
Yes, they control them. Hey, I have lobbyists. I have to tell you. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. They’re great. But you know what? it won’t happen. It won’t happen. Because we have to stop doing things for some people, but for this country, it’s destroying our country. We have to stop, and it has to stop now.
Now, our country needs — our country needs a truly great leader, and we need a truly great leader now. We need a leader that wrote “The Art of the Deal.”
We need a leader that can bring back our jobs, can bring back our manufacturing, can bring back our military, can take care of our vets. Our vets have been abandoned.
And we also need a cheerleader.
You know, when President Obama was elected, I said, “Well, the one thing, I think he’ll do well. I think he’ll be a great cheerleader for the country. I think he’d be a great spirit.”
He was vibrant. He was young. I really thought that he would be a great cheerleader.
 He’s not a leader. That’s true. You’re right about that.
But he wasn’t a cheerleader. He’s actually a negative force. He’s been a negative force. He wasn’t a cheerleader; he was the opposite.
We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It’s not great again.
We need — we need somebody — we need somebody that literally will take this country and make it great again. We can do that.
And, I will tell you, I love my life. I have a wonderful family. They’re saying, “Dad, you’re going to do something that’s going to be so tough.”
You know, all of my life, I’ve heard that a truly successful person, a really, really successful person and even modestly successful cannot run for public office. Just can’t happen. And yet that’s the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again.
So ladies and gentlemen…
I am officially running…
… for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again.
It can happen. Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people.
We have people that aren’t working. We have people that have no incentive to work. But they’re going to have incentive to work, because the greatest social program is a job. And they’ll be proud, and they’ll love it, and they’ll make much more than they would’ve ever made, and they’ll be — they’ll be doing so well, and we’re going to be thriving as a country, thriving. It can happen.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you that.
I’ll bring back our jobs from China, from Mexico, from Japan, from so many places. I’ll bring back our jobs, and I’ll bring back our money.
Right now, think of this: We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deal’s even better.
How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are these politicians to allow this to happen? How stupid are they?
I’m going to tell you — thank you. I’m going to tell you a couple of stories about trade, because I’m totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons.
Number one, the people negotiating don’t have a clue. Our president doesn’t have a clue. He’s a bad negotiator.
He’s the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, they get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there.
We get Bergdahl. We get a traitor. We get a no-good traitor, and they get the five people that they wanted for years, and those people are now back on the battlefield trying to kill us. That’s the negotiator we have.
Take a look at the deal he’s making with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe won’t exist very long. It’s a disaster, and we have to protect Israel. But…
So we need people — I’m a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need really talented people to negotiate for you. If you don’t have talented people, if you don’t have great leadership, if you don’t have people that know business, not just a political hack that got the job because he made a contribution to a campaign, which is the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible.
Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people, but we have people that are stupid. We have people that aren’t smart. And we have people that are controlled by special interests. And it’s just not going to work.
So, here’s a couple of stories happened recently. A friend of mine is a great manufacturer. And, you know, China comes over and they dump all their stuff, and I buy it. I buy it, because, frankly, I have an obligation to buy it, because they devalue their currency so brilliantly, they just did it recently, and nobody thought they could do it again.
But with all our problems with Russia, with all our problems with everything — everything, they got away with it again. And it’s impossible for our people here to compete.
So I want to tell you this story. A friend of mine who’s a great manufacturer, calls me up a few weeks ago. He’s very upset. I said, “What’s your problem?”
He said, “You know, I make great product.”
And I said, “I know. I know that because I buy the product.”
He said, “I can’t get it into China. They won’t accept it. I sent a boat over and they actually sent it back. They talked about environmental, they talked about all sorts of crap that had nothing to do with it.”
I said, “Oh, wait a minute, that’s terrible. Does anyone know this?”
He said, “Yeah, they do it all the time with other people.”
I said, “They send it back?”
“Yeah. So I finally got it over there and they charged me a big tariff. They’re not supposed to be doing that. I told them.”
Now, they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we send trucks and other things over there.
Ask Boeing BA +1.10%. They wanted Boeing’s secrets. They wanted their patents and all their secrets before they agreed to buy planes from Boeing.
Hey, I’m not saying they’re stupid. I like China. I sell apartments for — I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China. Am I supposed to dislike them? I own a big chunk of the Bank of America BAC +2.02% Building at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, that I got from China in a war. Very valuable.
I love China. The biggest bank in the world is from China. You know where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower. I love China. People say, “Oh, you don’t like China?”
No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we can’t sustain ourself with that. There’s too much — it’s like — it’s like take the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have them play your high school football team. That’s the difference between China’s leaders and our leaders.
They are ripping us. We are rebuilding China. We’re rebuilding many countries. China, you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never saw anything like it. They have bridges that make the George Washington Bridge look like small potatoes. And they’re all over the place.
We have all the cards, but we don’t know how to use them. We don’t even know that we have the cards, because our leaders don’t understand the game. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.
Now they’re going militarily. They’re building a military island in the middle of the South China sea. A military island. Now, our country could never do that because we’d have to get environmental clearance, and the environmentalist wouldn’t let our country — we would never build in an ocean. They built it in about one year, this massive military port.
They’re building up their military to a point that is very scary. You have a problem with ISIS. You have a bigger problem with China.
And, in my opinion, the new China, believe it or not, in terms of trade, is Mexico.
So this man tells me about the manufacturing. I say, “That’s a terrible story. I hate to hear it.”
But I have another one, Ford.
So Mexico takes a company, a car company that was going to build in Tennessee, rips it out. Everybody thought the deal was dead. Reported it in the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought it was a done deal. It’s going in and that’s going to be it, going into Tennessee. Great state, great people. All of a sudden, at the last moment, this big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they’re not going to Tennessee. They’re gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico instead. Not good.
Now, Ford announces a few weeks ago that Ford is going to build a $2.5 billion car and truck and parts manufacturing plant in Mexico. $2.5 billion, it’s going to be one of the largest in the world. Ford. Good company.
So I announced that I’m running for president. I would…
… one of the early things I would do, probably before I even got in — and I wouldn’t even use — you know, I have — I know the smartest negotiators in the world. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones.
You get a lot of them that are overrated. They’re not good. They think they are. They get good stories, because the newspapers get buffaloed (ph). But they’re not good.
But I know the negotiators in the world, and I put them one for each country. Believe me, folks. We will do very, very well, very, very well.
But I wouldn’t even waste my time with this one. I would call up the head of Ford, who I know. If I was president, I’d say, “Congratulations. I understand that you’re building a nice $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico and that you’re going to take your cars and sell them to the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border.”
And you say to yourself, “How does that help us,” right? “How does that help us? Where is that good”? It’s not.
So I would say, “Congratulations. That’s the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we’re going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction, and that’s it.
Now, here’s what is going to happen. If it’s not me in the position, it’s one of these politicians that we’re running against, you know, the 400 people that we’re (inaudible). And here’s what’s going to happen. They’re not so stupid. They know it’s not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then they’re going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say, “You can’t do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you can’t do that to Ford.”
And guess what? No problem. They’re going to build in Mexico. They’re going to take away thousands of jobs. It’s very bad for us.
So under President Trump, here’s what would happen:
The head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news. But it could be he’d want to be cool, and he’ll wait until the next day. You know, they want to be a little cool.
And he’ll say, “Please, please, please.” He’ll beg for a little while, and I’ll say, “No interest.” Then he’ll call all sorts of political people, and I’ll say, “Sorry, fellas. No interest,” because I don’t need anybody’s money. It’s nice. I don’t need anybody’s money.
I’m using my own money. I’m not using the lobbyists. I’m not using donors. I don’t care. I’m really rich. I (inaudible).
And by the way, I’m not even saying that in a — that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.
So — because we got to make the country rich.
It sounds crass. Somebody said, “Oh, that’s crass.” It’s not crass.
We got $18 trillion in debt. We got nothing but problems.
We got a military that needs equipment all over the place. We got nuclear weapons that are obsolete.
We’ve got nothing. We’ve got Social Security that’s going to be destroyed if somebody like me doesn’t bring money into the country. All these other people want to cut the hell out of it. I’m not going to cut it at all; I’m going to bring money in, and we’re going to save it.
But here’s what’s going to happen:
After I’m called by 30 friends of mine who contributed to different campaigns, after I’m called by all of the special interests and by the — the donors and by the lobbyists — and they have zero chance at convincing me, zero — I’ll get a call the next day from the head of Ford. He’ll say. “Please reconsider,” I’ll say no.
He’ll say, “Mr. President, we’ve decided to move the plant back to the United States, and we’re not going to build it in Mexico.” That’s it. They have no choice. They have no choice.
There are hundreds of things like that. I’ll give you another example. Saudi Arabia, they make $1 billion a day. $1 billion a day. I love the Saudis. Many are in this building. They make a billion dollars a day. Whenever they have problems, we send over the ships. We say “we’re gonna protect.” What are we doing? They’ve got nothing but money.
If the right person asked them, they’d pay a fortune. They wouldn’t be there except for us.
And believe me, you look at the border with Yemen. You remember Obama a year ago, Yemen was a great victory. Two weeks later, the place was blown up. Everybody got out — and they kept our equipment.
They always keep our equipment. We ought to send used equipment, right? They always keep our equipment. We ought to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be — we ought to send our surplus. We’re always losing this gorgeous brand-new stuff.
But look at that border with Saudi Arabia. Do you really think that these people are interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia without us is gone. They;re gone.
And I’m the one that made all of the right predictions about Iraq. You know, all of these politicians that I’m running against now — it’s so nice to say I’m running as opposed to if I run, if I run. I’m running.
But all of these politicians that I’m running against now, they’re trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn’t answer the question. He didn’t know. I said, “Is he intelligent?”
Then I looked at Rubio. He was unable to answer the question, is Iraq a good thing or bad thing? He didn’t know. He couldn’t answer the question.
How are these people gonna lead us? How are we gonna — how are we gonna go back and make it great again? We can’t. They don’t have a clue. They can’t lead us. They can’t. They can’t even answer simple questions. It was terrible.
But Saudi Arabia is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other things, the oil is all over the place. And I used to say it, there are ships at sea, and this was during the worst crisis, that were loaded up with oil, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were smarter than our leaders. They were smarter than our leaders.
There is so much wealth out there that can make our country so rich again, and therefore make it great again. Because we need money. We’re dying. We’re dying. We need money. We have to do it. And we need the right people.
So Ford will come back. They’ll all come back. And I will say this, this is going to be an election, in my opinion, that’s based on competence.
Somebody said — thank you, darlin’.
Somebody said to me the other day, a reporter, a very nice reporter, “But, Mr. Trump, you’re not a nice person.”
That’s true. But actually I am. I think I am a nice person. People that know me, like me. Does my family like me? I think so, right. Look at my family. I’m proud of my family.
By the way, speaking of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a great job. Did she do a great job?
Great. Jared (ph), Laura and Eric, I’m very proud of my family. They’re a great family.
So the reporter said to me the other day, “But, Mr. Trump, you’re not a nice person. How can you get people to vote for you?”
I said, “I don’t know.” I said, “I think that number one, I am a nice person. I give a lot of money away to charities and other things. I think I’m actually a very nice person.”
But, I said, “This is going to be an election that’s based on competence, because people are tired of these nice people. And they’re tired of being ripped off by everybody in the world. And they’re tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, than any nation in the world, and we are 26th in the world, 25 countries are better than us in education. And some of them are like third world countries. But we’re becoming a third word country, because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So one of the things I did, and I said, you know what I’ll do. I’ll do it. Because a lot of people said, “He’ll never run. Number one, he won’t want to give up his lifestyle.”
They’re right about that, but I’m doing it.
Number two, I’m a private company, so nobody knows what I’m worth. And the one thing is that when you run, you have to announce and certify to all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth.
So I said, “That’s OK.” I’m proud of my net worth. I’ve done an amazing job.
I started off — thank you — I started off in a small office with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and my father said — and I love my father. I learned so much. He was a great negotiator. I learned so much just sitting at his feet playing with blocks listening to him negotiate with subcontractors. But I learned a lot.
But he used to say, “Donald, don’t go into Manhattan. That’s the big leagues. We don’t know anything about that. Don’t do it.”
I said, “I gotta go into Manhattan. I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta do it, Dad. I’ve gotta do it.”
And after four or five years in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot of great deals — the Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was responsible for the convention center on the west side. I did a lot of great deals, and I did them early and young. And now I’m building all over the world, and I love what I’m doing.
But they all said, a lot of the pundits on television, “Well, Donald will never run, and one of the main reasons is he’s private and he’s probably not as successful as everybody thinks.”
So I said to myself, you know, nobody’s ever going to know unless I run, because I’m really proud of my success. I really am.
I’ve employed — I’ve employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. That means medical. That means education. That means everything.
So a large accounting firm and my accountants have been working for months, because it’s big and complex, and they’ve put together a statement, a financial statement, just a summary. But everything will be filed eventually with the government, and we don’t extensions or anything. We’ll be filing it right on time. We don’t need anything.
And it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they said, “He had assets of $9 billion.” So I said (ph), “No, that’s the wrong number. That’s the wrong number. Not assets.”
So they put together this. And before I say it, I have to say this. I made it the old-fashioned way. It’s real estate. You know, it’s real estate.
It’s labor, and it’s unions good and some bad and lots of people that aren’t in unions, and it’s all over the place and building all over the world.
And I have assets — big accounting firm, one of the most highly respected — 9 billion 240 million dollars.
And I have liabilities of about $500 million (ph). That’s long-term debt, very low interest rates.
In fact, one of the big banks came to me and said, “Donald, you don’t have enough borrowings. Could we loan you $4 billion”? I said, “I don’t need it. I don’t want it. And I’ve been there. I don’t want it.”
But in two seconds, they give me whatever I wanted. So I have a total net worth, and now with the increase, it’ll be well-over $10 billion. But here, a total net worth of — net worth, not assets, not — a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest assets — Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Bank of America building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Trump building right opposite the New York — many other places all over the world.
So the total is $8,737,540,00.
Now I’m not doing that…
I’m not doing that to brag, because you know what? I don’t have to brag. I don’t have to, believe it or not.
I’m doing that to say that that’s the kind of thinking our country needs. We need that thinking. We have the opposite thinking.
We have losers. We have losers. We have people that don’t have it. We have people that are morally corrupt. We have people that are selling this country down the drain.
So I put together this statement, and the only reason I’m telling you about it today is because we really do have to get going, because if we have another three or four years — you know, we’re at $8 trillion now. We’re soon going to be at $20 trillion. According to the economists — who I’m not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is what they’re saying — that $24 trillion — we’re very close — that’s the point of no return. $24 trillion. We will be there soon. That’s when we become Greece. That’s when we become a country that’s unsalvageable. And we’re gonna be there very soon. We’re gonna be there very soon.
So, just to sum up, I would do various things very quickly. I would repeal and replace the big lie, Obamacare.
I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I’ll build them very inexpensively, I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.
Mark my words.
Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. Nobody.
I will find — within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur, I will find the right guy. I will find the guy that’s going to take that military and make it really work. Nobody, nobody will be pushing us around.
I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won’t be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who’s making a horrible and laughable deal, who’s just being tapped along as they make weapons right now, and then goes into a bicycle race at 72 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. I won’t be doing that. And I promise I will never be in a bicycle race. That I can tell you.
I will immediately terminate President Obama’s illegal executive order on immigration, immediately.
Fully support and back up the Second Amendment.
Now, it’s very interesting. Today I heard it. Through stupidity, in a very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious murderers, two vicious people escaped, and nobody knows where they are. And a woman was on television this morning, and she said, “You know, Mr. Trump,” and she was telling other people, and I actually called her, and she said, “You know, Mr. Trump, I always was against guns. I didn’t want guns. And now since this happened” — it’s up in the prison area — “my husband and I are finally in agreement, because he wanted the guns. We now have a gun on every table. We’re ready to start shooting.”
I said, “Very interesting.”
So protect the Second Amendment.
End — end Common Core. Common Core should — it is a disaster. Bush is totally in favor of Common Core. I don’t see how he can possibly get the nomination. He’s weak on immigration. He’s in favor of Common Core. How the hell can you vote for this guy? You just can’t do it. We have to end — education has to be local.
Rebuild the country’s infrastructure.
Nobody can do that like me. Believe me. It will be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever thought.
I look at the roads being built all over the country, and I say I can build those things for one-third. What they do is unbelievable, how bad.
You know, we’re building on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office, we’re converting it into one of the world’s great hotels. It’s gonna be the best hotel in Washington, D.C. We got it from the General Services Administration in Washington. The Obama administration. We got it. It was the most highly sought after — or one of them, but I think the most highly sought after project in the history of General Services. We got it. People were shocked, Trump got it.
Well, I got it for two reasons. Number one, we’re really good. Number two, we had a really good plan. And I’ll add in the third, we had a great financial statement. Because the General Services, who are terrific people, by the way, and talented people, they wanted to do a great job. And they wanted to make sure it got built.
So we have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports. You come into La Guardia Airport, it’s like we’re in a third world country. You look at the patches and the 40-year-old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they throw.
You look at these airports, we are like a third world country. And I come in from China and I come in from Qatar and I come in from different places, and they have the most incredible airports in the world. You come to back to this country and you have LAX, disaster. You have all of these disastrous airports. We have to rebuild our infrastructure.
Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it.
Get rid of the fraud. Get rid of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been paying it for years. And now many of these candidates want to cut it. You save it by making the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all of the money that’s being lost.
Renegotiate our foreign trade deals.
Reduce our $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, we’re in a bubble. We have artificially low interest rates. We have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to me, but I still hate to see what’s happening. We have a stock market that is so bloated.
Be careful of a bubble because what you’ve seen in the past might be small potatoes compared to what happens. So be very, very careful.
And strengthen our military and take care of our vets. So, so important.
Sadly, the American dream is dead.
But if I get elected president I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
And he knows it is wrong. He is going to say, no, no, no, we don't want that, Ford. We don't want you to go. We are going to charge you of tax because, you know, the way you do it, you charge a tax. And then he is going to be hit by his lobbyists. They give him millions. He has $135, $140 million. I don't want anything. I don't want money. I'm just taking little small contributions for people. The woman said $7.32. And I was so -- with a beautiful letter. It's amazing. I like that because that's like an investment. That adds up to the fuel for the plane for a trip to Iowa, OK? It all does, but who cares? I don't want that because I don't want to be controlled. 
Last week, you heard me say this. I turned down $5 million by a big lobbyist. Not a bad person. You know, a tough guy. Not a bad person. But when he gives me $5, he's not doing that because he thinks I have beautiful hair. It's not that bad. And it is my hair. Is it my hair? It is. It is actually. People don't know that. I proved that, you know, in Alabama. It was really hot. It was rainy. I took off my hat and everybody said it is really his hair. It's weird. I don't have to do that tonight. Sort of nice. 
But you know, so we would go over and the lobbyists would say, no, no, we gave you millions of dollars, Mr. President. And you owe it to Ford. Let (INAUDIBLE). You have the lobbyists.And after about ten minutes he is going to say I can't really do that. They really helped me in my campaign. 
With me, they're going to call me because I know all these guys. But they never did anything because I don't want money. I turned the money down. I turned down so much money. I feel like such a stupid person. No, it's true. First time in my life I feel stupid. Guys are giving me, offering me millions. Don, I would like to give you million. Wait, I'm telling you, $5 million. I could have it right now and I turn them down. I go back and say, do you think I'm doing the right thing? 
How about - I will just take a vote. How about if I take all these money and promise, I swear to you, that I won't do anything for these people. What about that? No? That's what I thought. I feel so stupid. But you know what? That's the way it has to be. Because I think one of the things they like about me is they don't -- nobody is going to buy me. Nobody is going to buy me. 
All right. So after about ten minutes, Bush goes out and he says, all right, you can build your plant. Build it. I'm sorry. Please, I dare me. I mean, it was so terrible that I even thought about doing that, you know, because you contributed money. OK. Me, different. I'll call him up and say I have to go. I don't want you in Mexico. I love Mexico. I love the Mexican people. I have thousands have Mexican people that have worked for me over the years and even to this day. I mean, I love the Hispanics. The spirit. I love them. They are incredible people. But we have leaders that can't compete with their leaders. Their leaders are too smart. So I would say to the head of Ford, sorry. You will pay tax. Every car and every truck and every part that comes across that southern border, you're going to pay a 35 percent tax. OK? That's what's going to happen. And this is too easy. I don't need any of the killers. I'm going to use them anyway. But this is too easy. This is like forget it. This is taking candy from that beautiful little baby, OK. So easy. 
So what happens is they're going to say, no, no, no, and they're going to have people call me. But these are people that I didn't take any money, I didn't take anything. I don't want their money. So they are going to have people call me. And I'm going to say get out of here. And if I know them, they'll be friends of mine, maybe. I'll say I'm not interested. And I would say, let's say this whole process starts at 12:00 noon. I would say by 4:00 in the afternoon, the head of Ford will call me and say Mr. President, we've decided to build in the United States. That will happen. OK? That will happen. If they're really tough, they'll wait until the next day. But I guarantee you by 5:00 the next day, they're back. And that's great. That's what we need. We need jobs. We can't keep giving out our jobs. 
You know, college debt. I go all over and I see the vets are mistreated in this country so badly. Believe me. You know, they did a poll. I'm like the most popular person with the vets. You know, I built the Vietnam memorial in downtown Manhattan, OK. And the vets like me a lot. And they did a poll and people were shocked. Why would you be shocked? Because I'm going to take care of the vets. The other one, college. College debt. It is out of control. And I go around and I see students. And by the way, you see what's happening with the college? I mean, you talk about like what they're doing. The prices of these colleges. The way they're rapidly raising. And students are borrowing money from different people but also from the government. It is the thing that the government makes money on, college students. No, it's true. They're making a lot of money on college debt. 
And the big thing we need is jobs. And students come up to me and they say, Mr. Trump, I'm borrowed and I can't even -- I don't know how I'll ever pay it off. This is somebody that is a junior or a senior in college. And it is almost like they have no hope. To me, it is one of the saddest things I've seen in making the rounds. College students, college debt. And they say, and then I apply for jobs. One was telling me from a very good college. Actually a college in Iowa where I was, a great college. And they were saying, you know, I worked hard. I became a great student. I just became one of the top students in my college. And I can't get a job, he said. And a lot of them can't get jobs. So now they have the debt and they can't get jobs because China has our jobs and Japan has our jobs and so many other places have our jobs. We don't have jobs. So they get out and there is no place to go and they don't know what
to do. We're going to solve the problem because we're going to bring back the jobs from China and we are going to bring back the jobs from Japan. And we're going to be fair. 
But if you look at the deficit, the trade deficit that we have with China, it is astronomical. People have said ho are going to balance the budget? How about like making some good deals with China and Japan? Look at the trade deficits. 
I was in Los Angeles two weeks ago. I saw ships that were so big. I've never seen anything like it with cars from Japan. They're pouring off. We sell them, actually, you sell them some beef, right? This is one of the beneficiaries, beef. But honestly, if you ever look at the difference, the numbers here, it is so crazy. We send wheat. They send cars. That's all going to change. And we're going to have great relationships with these people. 
And you know, the amazing thing, every country in the world, thinks the United States is represent by stupid people, and they're right, of course. No, they're wrong. Very stupid people. And every country in the world, I mean, every country in the world, everybody makes money. And the funny things is we don't get along with anybody. Think of it. 
Here we have deals that are all bad and everybody hates us. I just came in. And I'm watching on television. That we're really in a very bad place with Russia. Now, we're working on the Ukraine and I think that is fine, but why isn't Europe sort of like leading that whole charge? Why do we always leading? We're working on the Ukraine. I think that's terrible and all that stuff. We've got a lot of problems. 
We're sending an f-22, brand new, gorgeous. And we have fighters, our best military people are going over there. And we're worried about the Ukraine. I think Ukraine is great. I think we should worry about the Ukraine. But you know, Germany is over there. Germany is far richer than we are. Germany has made a fortune. We protect Germany for no money, OK. We protect South Korea for no money. So Germany is over there, right? And they're not worried about it. But Obama is talking about the Ukraine. Germany said let these dopey people take care of us. And all the European countries. So we are sending our fighters. 
Now in North Korea, you have a situation where, you know, he's raring his head again. I just were had 4,000 sets for (INAUDIBLE). And 4,000, that's a lot of sets. They're all made in South Korea. They don't make them in Iowa. I wish. Does anyone make television sets? They don't make them in Iowa. They don't make them anywhere in this country. So I ordered 4,000. Samsung, it is LG, it is all of them. Right? They're all from South Korea. Sony is from Japan. Their sets aren't as good anymore, but that's OK. But they're good sets. They are great. I paid a fortune. Enough saying, they make a fortune. 
Look at the deficit that we have that South Korea. I love South Korea. I love all these countries. But why is it that we protect them? So this guy raises his head. Nuclear this, I'm going to wipe them out. We immediately send, we have 28,000 troops over there which is nothing compared to the million that they have in North Korea, a big army. OK. They don't pay us anything. What are we doing? 
And you know what? Somebody said that's not nice. You're asking them to pay. How can we police? We're watching the Ukraine, we are watching South Korea, we are watching Germany, we are watching Japan. We protect Japan. We have a treaty with Japan. If Japan gets attacked, we have to immediately go to their aid. OK? If we get attacked, Japan doesn't have to help us. That's a fair deal. No, no, that's the kind of deals we make. They have nothing. Don't worry about it. But if they get attacks, we have to go to Japan. Did you ever fly -- that's a long flight. 
So we need smart people. And we can straighten this country out. We can make this country so -- we can make it better than ever. We can make it better than ever. Saudi Arabia, I love Saudi Arabia. The people are very nice to me. They buy my apartments, you wouldn't believe it. It's true. They'll pay me anything. They have nothing but money. They have nothing but money. 
I have a beautiful plane. All of a sudden it doesn't look so good when I look at some of their planes. I'm jealous. It's terrible. I'm jealous. No, but Saudi Arabia, they make a billion dollars a day. In all fairness, that was before the, you know, oil went down. But now, let's say it is a half a billion. That's pretty good. You make a half billion a day. 
We protect them. We get nothing. And every time -- if you think in Yemen those folks are after Yemen, then you ought to leave the room right now because you are not very smart. Yemen, did you ever see the border? It never ends. It is a straight line. It never ends. And you know what is on the other side, Saudi Arabia? The oil. 
If you think they are stopping at Yemen, they're looking for the oil. Don't forget I'm the one, the most militaristic person. I would build a military so strong, so powerful, so incredible, nobody would ever use it. Nobody would ever -- we would never have to use it. I would have the best everything. 
You know, we have a military where we give to the allies, our allies. We give it to the wrong allies, by the way. You know that. We give it to the wrong allies. We don't give to the Kurds. We give to people. One bullet shot in the air, 2,300 humvees (INAUDIBLE), the best in the world. So I heard they left. And one day they abandoned 2,300. I said no, no, no, you mean 23. You mean three. You mean two. You can't leave 2,300. They abandoned 2,300 armor plated, the best in the world humvees, 2,300. Because one shot was fired in the air. These are the people we're helping. These are the people we're helping. And now the enemy has the humvees armor plated. And we have the ones where the non-armored plated and our wounded warriors who are the greatest people we have in this country. They are the greatest. The greatest. And our soldiers aren't protected. And the enemy is because they have these great vehicles that they took. And that's just the humvees. You can go on to everywhere. They have the best equipment. So we have to get smart. And we have to know what we're doing. And I
would build, I'm telling you. I am so into it. But in 2000 -- and Ann Coulter knows this. In 2004, as much as I am into the military, which I love and respect. I'm a huge fan of General Patton. I'm a huge fan of General Douglas MacArthur. To this day, he has the highest marks, I'm a person I believe in like marks and students and education. I think it is great. General Douglas MacArthur to this day has the highest rates in the history of west point. That means something. Nice thing. 
And we have to do something and we have to do it fast. We have to get the generals that are great. There was a general -- I won't use his name, but he's leaving. And they said to him the other day about ISIS on television, what do you think about ISIS? Can we beat them? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. It's going to be very hard to beat ISIS. And I said to myself can you imagine George Patton saying, oh, it would be hard? He would have them knocked out in three days and say where do I go from here? Where? Where? 
General Douglas MacArthur getting out with his corn cob pipe right out of the airplane looking out over the land that he just took. Can you imagine him? First of all they wouldn't go on television. They're too busy fighting. They want to win. They are too busy winning. We don't have winners anymore. We don't have winners in this country. But we're going to turn it around. We are going to have winners. 
Now, speaking of winners, this is so important. We all know about trade. We've covered it. It is horrendous. I'm going to get the greatest negotiations. We're going to make great trades. We're going to make a lot of money. We are going to be great. Everyone is going to love us, OK? We have -- they're going to love us. 
So you know, funny before, in "Business Week" magazine, again, they had a story a while ago. The ten things the Chinese most want. Now, who is tougher, the Chines on me? I love them and I respect them. I just hate what they do to (INAUDIBLE). But who is tougher than me? The ten things, one of the ten things was anything Trump. Apartments, anything. Anything Trump. I say how could that be possible? Because maybe they respect me or maybe they respect us. I don't know. But anything Trump. OK. 
So we're going to be respected. We are going to be really respected. We shouldn't to go to Iraq. We did. We made a mistake. But we went out. We should have kept the oil. And you would have ISIS believe. You wouldn't have. Now, people say that's such a harsh statement. She said take oil? Who the hell has the oil? 
The Iraqi government is totally corrupt. ISIS is, just formed out of Iraq. So we shouldn't have gone in. And then the way Obama got out was a total catastrophe. And then I say total catastrophe. 
And I said, Reuters, 2004, July. I said don't go in because if you do that in Iraq, and I'm one that likes to be, like I love the strength of military. You have to use it in the right location. If you do that, you're going to allow Iran to take over because you are going to decapitate. They would two powers that were equal. They fight. They would go ten feet, ten feet, ten feet, then they rest. This goes on for decades. They go ten, ten, right? Am I right? 
So we decapitate one of them. Now, Iran is as we speak, meeting with Iraq to take over the country. And you know who is getting the oil, most of the oil? The stuff that ISIS doesn't have? China. Do you know that China is getting so much oil? Do you know what we get? Nothing. Thousands of lives. Wounded warriors who I love all over. $2 trillion, we have nothing. 
In Afghanistan, which a lot of people don't know not, it is very rich in minerals. We're fighting in Afghanistan and they have very amazing mountains and ridges. We are fighting in Afghanistan over the years. And on the other side of the mountain, they have massive excavation equipment from China. They're taking out all the minerals as we fight. 
We need people that are smart. We have people that don't get it. Look at the deal we have with Iran. Look at this deal. It is going to, in my opinion, lead to an arm race the likes of which there has never been. Countries are going to line-up for nukes. You are going to have perhaps nuclear proliferation. You are going to see things that you have never seen take place in a short period of time. This is the deal that just the other day, it was determines after months. Did you ever see a deal take so long? The deal has been going on forever. They had our prisoners. We never asked for our prisoners. How about that? Having a deal is good. But we should have doubled and tripled up the sanctions and negotiate from strengths. We could have done it so easily. 
Instead we have Kerry that goes on bicycle races. He's 73 years old. 73 years old! And I said it the last time I spoke. I swear I will never enter a bicycle race if I'm president. I swear. I swear! He's in a bicycle race. He falls. He breaks his leg. This is our chief negotiator. He is walking in. They're looking at him like what smock this is.
I watched actually on Charlie Rose. I watched the chief negotiator being interviewed by Charlie. And after five minutes, I tweeted @realDonaldTrump. I tweeted. I said this guy is too smart for Kerry. I was right. So we didn't get the prisoners. And you know what the excuse was? We didn't ask for them. We didn't want to make the deal too complicated. 
Think of it. They're fighting us in Yemen. We didn't ask anything about Yemen. Like don't fight us. We have a 24-day wait period. So if we think they're doing nuclear, we have to wait 24 days. But see, that's not the worst part. The worst part is the clock start ticking. It could be months. We have to notify. There is whole process. I mean, they could build, shoot and build a couple more shoot. And by that time we still wouldn't be in there checking. Like I can just see them sweeping the floor and painting it battle shipment gray. 
You know, when I was with my father in Brooklyn, I used paint the Roger's battleship gray. I would always like. You know what I mean by battleship gray? Shiny battleship gray. I can see them doing it. 
So what we're doing is crazy. So you have that. And then beauty of all and you heard it two days ago. After years, we just found out that they're going to do in the most important section, they're going to do their own inspections. Did you hear this? Iran. They are going to do their own inspections. Did you hear about this? With some of these guys didn't hear? Where the hell have you been for the last three days? Look at these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago I heard it. Nobody knew. They are going to self-inspect. It is so unbelievable that you just can't even talk about it. 
And here is another part. We're going to give them $150 billion plus. And even if the deal isn't approved, they get that. In other words, they get that regardless. You know, when I do a deal, when I buy something, I pay them when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. I buy a building. I buy a business. I pay them. I put up a deposit and, right? But I pay them when the deal closes. We're paying them even if the deal doesn't happen. I've never heard of this before. I don't know who came one this idea. It must have been Kerry. No, it must have been. Because I don't think the Iranians. You know, the Iranians, Persians are great negotiators. They are natural great negotiators. I don't believe they would have thought of this because it is so crazy. No, it's true. They wouldn't have actually said, let's do this because it is so far out. Who would have ever think of it? 
They get $150 billion plus, plus, even if the deal is voted down and the deal doesn't happen which the deal will probably happen because we have a lot of weak people that are going to approve that deal just like they approved Obamacare. 
You know, you elected people who would knock out Obamacare. They got to Washington. Something happened. I promise it is not going to happen to me. Something happens in Washington. They get elected. They're really going to do a job. They are all (INAUDIBLE). We're going to end Obamacare. We're going to fight. We are going to end this horrible thing with the $5 billion Web site that doesn't work to this day, by the way, $5 billion. 
I have about 40 websites that cost me $3 and they work. So we're going to end Obamacare. You probably elected some of them of they go to Washington. I don't know. There is something about Washington. They look at the beautiful buildings, these beautiful halls. And all of a sudden, they become impotent. Is that an appropriate word? I think so. They become just -- it doesn't work. Put those two together. Something happens to them. And all of a sudden they're not fighters. I think they're so impressed. They show their wives. Look where I'm working. I'm working in Congress. Of course I have to vote for Obamacare. Isn't it wonderful? Look what I am doing. But they got elected to knock it out. What happened to these people? What happened? 
So something happens when people get elected and go to Washington. The beauty of Washington. I'm building as you know, the old post office. Can you imagine? President Obama is in charge of government services who are tremendous people, by the way. They really are. They are very talented people. That's because they chose me. If they didn't choose me, I probably wonderful say that. But they are talented. They are great people. Now, we're doing a great hotel, one of the greatest hotels. I think
it will be one of the greatest hotels anywhere in the world. But think of it. Everybody wanted it. One of the most sought after pieces of property right smack on Pennsylvania between Congress and the White House. Best location. 
You know, for the real estate people, they notice that any time you get a post office, it's good. You know, the post office was always there first. I have the old post office in Washington, D.C. So it is being converted to Trump international. It is going to be great. 
And just think of that. I got it from the Obama administration. To this day, I say, are you sure we got that? I tell you. But we're doing a great job. And here's the thing. We are head of - think of this. Compare this to government. We're way ahead of schedule. And we're under budget. Did you ever hear that before? You don't hear that. So we have a great country. We have a country with tremendous potential. The potentials here are people. We have great people. We have problems all over the place, but they're problem that's can be solved. We have to incentivize people. We have to give people spirit. 
When President Obama was elected, one thing I thought would happen, I really thought he would be a unifier. You look at Baltimore, you look at Ferguson, you look at St. Louis the other night, you look at Chicago, you look at so many different places, and you look at what's happening with the African-American youth. It has never been in worse shape. Never. You look at what's happening with so many other aspects of our country. And there's a racial divide, there is a divide, period. There's hatred all over the country. I've never seen it like this. 
We have to unify the country. We have to spiritize (ph) the country. We have to create jobs. We have to do a tremendous amount of work. But it can be done quickly. I will say this. If the right person is not elected, come next year, I don't know if it can be brought back again no matter how confident and capable the person is. It is going to be too far down the line. No, it is going to be too far down the line. 
So just in closing, and you know, normally I would do questions. But this has been such a good time and everyone has heard such a brilliant speech. And you know, I was with Elton John. Anybody like Elton John? And a lot of times, like he'll do this last song. And it is so great. It is so unbelievable. The place is standing and roaring and going incredible. And then they'll be like, they'll come back for like three more, right? And the three are not as good as the last one. And people go, let's get out of here. 
So you know, you like to leave on a high note. And I just like to say this is a great audience. But I have -- thank you. I love you too. Thank you. 
But you know, I have a statement. I say it all the time. And I told the story once before. And it is that the American dream is dead. But I'm going to make it bigger and better and stronger than before. Right? 
Good. But I got home one night. And my wife said that was such a terrible thing you said. It was all over television. And the problem I have with television, look. They're all live. What do I do? Every night I'm on live television. I suppose to make speeches. How do you make the same speech? I'm trying to change it up. But every night, CNN, FOX, NBC, everybody. Look at them. They're all live. It's not fair. No, no. 
These other guys, they go around, they make a speech in front of 21 people. Nobody cares. They make the - they read the same speech. They have Teleprompters. I say we should outlaw Teleprompters for anybody -- right? For anybody, for anybody running for president. 
You how easy that would be? Instead of this. I'm working my ass off. OK? Instead of this I can just stand up. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much, it's wonderful to be in Iowa. You know, everybody is going to fall sleep and half an hour we leave. No mistakes. No problems. But I walk in but they are always live, these guys. I think we are going -- let's start canceling them a little bit. And by the way, they're getting phenomenal ratings. That's why they're live. They're getting phenomenal ratings. 
And you know, the old days, when I was with the "Apprentice," they paid me a lot of money. They don't pay me anything. You know, for the debate, we had 24 million people. Now, normally there would be like two million people, right? When you say two million if they are lucky. They had 24. I won't take credit for but believe me, 100 percent it's me, 100 percent. It's true. It's true. 
So the ratings came out. They were so big and so -- it was the biggest rating in the history of cable television or something like that. And you know, I was a little obvious, but that is OK. So it happens. I'm saying to myself well, if it's not me -- I should go to CNN. They're doing the next debate. And I should I say that Jeff Zucker, a great guy, Jeff, I'm going to do the debate but I want $10 million for charity. American cancer society, AIDS research. We'll pick ten great, a million. Otherwise I'm not going to the debate. And honestly, I think they would pay me. I do. I'm -- 100 percent for charity. But it might not look right, I don't know, Ann. I'm going to have to think about it. I sort of like it. Does anybody like that idea? Then we go to Roger Ailes. He is a great guy at FOX and we say Roger, you know, they did so great at CNN. You did so great at FOX. Let's make it like 12, 15, 18, all for charity. 
But I'm thinking about it, I am thinking about it, believe me. So I go home, my wife says to me, you know, what are you doing? What are you doing? It was a horrible thing you said. I said, why? What did I say? You said the American dream is dead. I said, I didn't say that. I turned on the television. TiVo is wonderful. I turn it on and they have it cut. It is the American dream is dead. Cut. 
I said, what a terrible statement. But what I do say, and I say it all the time, the American dream is to a large extent, it is in trouble, but we're going to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before. And, and we are going to win the nomination, and we are going to get the greatest people that have ever represented -- we'll get the smartest, toughest, best people to represent us against the world. And we are going to make our country so great again, you're going to be so proud of it. And it is an honor to be with you tonight, and I really look forward to being with you for many, many years to come. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Well Jeb is a very low energy person. So he can sit around a table all day long with one general and talk and talk and you know. But I see that general as being grilled by you. And when I say I watch on television, I do, and I watch on TIME Magazine, and I watch in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal, I read all of them a lot.
And I get my views from the media. A lot of the views, and frankly other people do. And the views that you will see during those ten or fifteen minute segments or during reading the story are not a lot different than Jeb sitting around with a policy group, if he really has such a thing.
It sounds good. I can say that too. You know I was an excellent student at the best school and I could also say, “Oh well, I have a great policy group, and we sit around.” I mean I wonder whether or not Jeb actually has that. But I’m being very honest. And I know when I say something like that, you can be criticized…When I see certain generals sitting at the different shows, I mean I think it’s a great way to learn about what’s going on. When I see the leaders of countries sitting on shows and frankly, you don’t have to go through the whole process. It’s a shortened version.
So I’m somebody that time is very important to me, and it saves time. But also you get really good views. You see some tremendous people.
Well I mean I have an attention span that’s as long as it has to be. But I don’t have to sit around with a group of generals to tell me about Iraq being a failure. Iraq was a total failure.
Well, I have the right temperament. I have the right leadership. I’ve built an incredible company. I went to a great school. I came out I built an incredible company. I wrote the number one selling business book of all time Trump: The Art of the Deal. I had tremendous success in show business–star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. “The Apprentice” was one of the most successful shows. And as you know NBC renewed it, I just said I’m not doing it. They’re not exactly thrilled with me at all. But I’ve had a great career, and I know how to get along with people. I know how to deal with people.
You know people are talking about diplomacy, or tone. You know Bush brings up tone all the time. Tone. We need strong tone. We’re too far behind. We’re behind. We’re not winning. You know if we were winning we could sort of soften it up.
But you look at Putin can’t stand Obama, and Obama can’t stand him, in all fairness. But we don’t get along with anybody anymore. Hillary Clinton was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the country. The world came apart under her reign as Secretary of State.
I want to ask you about the immigration plan you put out over the weekend. You had said in 2012 that Mitt Romney’s “self-deportation” comment was crazy and maniacal.
Well I thought it was stupid. Who’s going to self deport? It wasn’t that it was a bad plan from any other standpoint. But you tell people, oh, self deport. To me that just means what, you’re just going to walk across the border and say okay. They asked me to go. That’s not going to happen.
Well what we’re going to do–we have a plan, and I think it’s a really good plan. And by the way, it’s been very well received and some of the candidates, my opponents I guess you could call them, but some of the candidates have said that’s really what you want. I worked with a number of people on it including [Alabama] Senator [Jeff] Sessions, highly respected, and not known as a radical person at all. But we’re going to have to – look, it’s very simple. We either have a country or we don’t.
The first thing I need is a wall, and I will build a wall. And you know that Hillary Clinton and almost everybody ten years ago wanted a wall built. Everybody wanted a wall built. But they couldn’t do it because they don’t know anything about building. They’re throwing out numbers to build a wall. I’ll build a far better wall, far higher, and just a much better–that’s what I do. I mean the thing I do best is build. Which is not bad to have as a president because our infrastructure in this country is also crumbling. But we’ll build a great wall. It will be a very effective wall. And it will be done quickly and Mexico will pay for it.
They’re illegally here. They will leave, and they’ll come back on an expedited basis if they…And they will leave.
Don’t forget in the meantime we have a real unemployment rate that’s probably 21%. It’s not 6. I’s not 5.2 and 5.5. Our real unemployment rate–in fact, I saw a chart the other day, our real unemployment–because you have ninety million people that aren’t working. Ninety-three million to be exact.
If you start adding it up, our real unemployment rate is 42%. We have a lot of room. We have a lot of people who want to work. But the good people I want them to come back. And I also want people of great talent to come to this country, to Silicon Valley for engineers. If you go to Harvard and you graduate number one in your class, and you’re from China, they send you home, you can’t get back into the country.
So you end up working for companies in China and fighting us. And they’re competitors of us. They’re trained in our schools. I want people like that to come into this country. And if they want, I want that path to citizenship for these people. So they go to our best schools, they’re fabulous students, they do well, they’re going to be great and we throw them out of the country. It’s ridiculous.
Illegal immigrants, we’re taking about the illegal. Do you know the word illegal? They go out
It’ll all work out. It’s called management. Politicians can’t manage. All they can do is talk. It’s called management. And we’ll do an expedited system. Because I agree with you, there are some very, very good people here who they are here illegally.
But they are illegal. We have to strengthen our border. We have to have people come in legally. And we will work out an expedited system where the really good people can come back legally.
Well I think this whole thing with PACs is nonsense. Because Jeb Bush puts his friend in charge of has PAC, and they don’t talk….And he’s going to work hard, as is Hillary Clinton. They all have their friends running the PACs. Now you’re not supposed to talk, you’re not supposed to – they go out and play golf, they get together, but they don’t talk. Who believes that? So I want transparency. I don’t mind the money coming in. Let it be transparent. Let them talk, but let there be total transparency.
Well I’m thinking about it but I have a problem because I may want to switch taxes around. I want to save the middle class. And I have hedge fund guys that are making a lot of money that aren’t paying anything, okay. And I don’t know how his pledge relates to that.
But I know a lot of bad people in this country that are making a hell of a lot of money and not paying taxes. And the tax law is totally screwed up. The complexity of it, the size of it. I mean I spent millions of dollars every year on lawyers and accountants just to do a tax return. And I want to put H&R Block out of business. I want to make it very simple. And we can leave the tax code the way it is and simplify it, or you could go to a form of a flat tax. You could go to a fair tax. There’s a lot of things you could do.
Probably the simplest is simplify the existing. Because we have other projects. We have to beat China. We have to beat Japan. We have to beat Mexico. We have to beat everybody that beating us, which is 100% of the countries that we do business with. We have a lot of other things to work on.
No, because there’s so much waste in Washington.
I wasn’t a huge fan of Bush, as you know…I thought he was lost. I thought he was not a great president…He certainly wasn’t a good president. He got us into Iraq which by itself was a disaster. He also caused toward the end of his thing a financial problem by allowing exploding mortgages and other things that I predicted. I said you’re going to have a huge bubble here. We have another one coming up by the way. I predicted that. You have exploding mortgages. I understood. I made a lot of money because I went in and bought a lot of stuff at the low price after it exploded. But he really gave us Obama. Clinton had a lot of problems with the Monicas of the world and had he not had those problems he would have had a pretty good presidency. Not a great one but a pretty solid presidency. But that was a disaster and a tremendous distraction.
Well I don’t want to say because – I will tell you when it’s all over, win, lose or draw, I’ll tell you who I respect, who I don’t respect. I think the thing that I most – that I’m very complimented by is that Rick Perry was doing really well, and then he decided he had to do better and he went after me and he went right down the tubes.
Senator Lindsey Graham was doing fine. Nobody got more publicity than this guy. He had zero. He’s the only one that had zero. That means not one person in the whole country – he had zero. Like Pataki had zero but slightly more than that, right. He actually had a zero down today on the CNN.
And these were the two guys that hit me very hard. And it was such a compliment to think – and now by the way Rand Paul’s going down the tubes. Because all of a sudden he came out of nowhere and he hit me, and now he’s … Now I hit back very hard. I think I hit back maybe sometimes harder than they hit me.
But I came out with a very strong statement about Rand Paul. First of all I think he’s totally taking advantage of the people in Kentucky. Because one of these afterthought, if I don’t win here I’ll go back to you. It doesn’t work that way. Somebody should primary him out. Because he can be beaten, believe me.
So he’s done very poorly. And since he attacked me, he’s gone down. And I’m greatly honored by that, you know. I get attacked but somebody and they go down. I thought that a guy like Perry, he was getting so much publicity, he went to Washington, he read a speech, he did a whole big thing, it was all over the television. He went down. So that’s a great honor.
came up to see me. And even after twelve years and fourteen seasons it was one of their most successful shows. It was a great success. And they tried to talk me into it and I just wouldn’t do it. And I just wouldn’t do it.
So I didn’t know this was going to happen, and they’re impressed too. They probably didn’t know this was going to happen either.
Yeah I do. A big interest. So it’s a very good question. When I say I’m not doing another season, that’s a lot of money. And even if you’re a rich person, that’s a lot of money to give up… They would have paid me whatever I wanted. So when I did this…I turned down a deal last week in China, because I’d have to go there. One of the biggest companies wanted me to do a deal in China. Guaranteed tens of millions of dollars. Turned it down because I can’t go to China… I’ve told my kids, this is going so wild. Let’s see what happens.
You know I’ve had great success. Even in golf I’ve won many golf club championships. I don’t know if you guys play golf. But to win a club championship is hard, literally hard. And you have to beat scratch players…You got a lot of good players. I’ve won many club championships. So my life has been about winning. My life has not been about losing. So I get a kick out of watching these guys who were not even successful people saying, “Oh, he’s just having fun.”
It’s not having fun. Actually I could have more fun. I own here’s a picture, I own Turnberry in Scotland that just hosted the Women’s British Open. I wouldn’t mind being at Turnberry. I may never see it again.
So I’m a little surprised that it’s gone with this speed. I don’t expect to lose ever. But the speed is pretty rapid. You know. And unlike other people, I’ve stayed in the position.
So it was really important that I do it, for myself…I mean I really considered it strongly last time. Before that I thought about it. But I never even had any staff. My secretary was my staff. But the time I looked at it was less time. But I was very busy, I was doing tremendous developments which are now completed and very successful. Because we’re all over the world. And I had a signed contract with “The Apprentice.” I would have had to break it. The other reason I wanted to do this for myself. I didn’t want to look back in ten years and say I could have done that or I could have done that. My family would look at me and say, “Ugh, stop.” I had to do it for myself.
So I am enjoying it. And I think people see that…I’m watching my opponents. Certainly Hillary is not enjoying it, okay. She’s going through something that for me, for me is Watergate. Her only hope is that because the prosecutors are Democrats she doesn’t get prosecuted. That’s the only hope she’s got. Because what she did is wrong and what she did far worse than General Petraeus.…And I saw her joke yesterday, it wasn’t a joke … but it was sort of like you’re laughing at people’s faces when they say – and they automatically – you know by saying they were automatically deleted, right, you know she made that statement yesterday, by saying that you’re almost saying that you deleted them on purpose….It was supposed to be a joke. It wasn’t funny, but there was a lot into that if you think about it.
And they like me.
Actually, the funny thing is, I do worse with the wealthy people. Okay, it’s funny in my opinion. Now, they’ll all support me if I want them to, but I don’t want them. If they want to send something, I don’t care….I have a dot com. I had a woman send me $7 the other day. Another guy sent me $12. There was a long beautiful letter. I love that, because it’s like they’re investing. That’s called a great thing. They’re investing…They’re doing that because they’re investing in the campaign and that I really do like. But somehow I related to exactly what you’re saying, to the middle class, to the working person, and people don’t understand.
You come in on a Boeing 757, then you get on a helicopter, and you go over to the fair, and you give the kids the rides, which the kids loved. But you land in this incredible Sikorsky, and people like it. I’ve always felt that when Jimmy Carter would walk out of—off Air Force One carrying his own suits and bags, I always said, that’s not what the country wants… He would walk off Air Force One carrying his suit and his bag. He’s the President of the United States, and he didn’t want anybody to carry his stuff, because he thought, “Why should they? I can carry it myself.” I always felt that’s not what they want. They don’t want that. They want someone who’s going to beat China, beat Japan.
I was in Los Angeles, I saw boats coming in with cars from Japan, the largest ships I’ve ever seen, loaded to the gills, cars just pouring off, made in Japan. How does that help us, and we give them a fraction—a tiny fraction—and they don’t even want it. Those days are gone. Those days will be gone. But we have to make ourselves wealthy again in order to save our country. We can’t continuously lose money.
We’re having a huge problem, again. You know you look at the junk. You know all the junk that’s floating all over the place. You look at some of this Internet stuff that’s floating all over. We’re in a bubble again, okay. It’s not – and I’ll tell you the problem with the banks, if you’re really rich, like with me, if I want to borrow money I can buy all the money I want. But if there’s a young Donald Trump that needs some money to do a couple of really good deals can’t get it because the regulators are making it absolutely impossible for the banks to loan money.
Well Dodd Frank is probably not a very good thing. There are aspects of it you could leave. But generally speaking Dodd Frank stifles business. It just totally stifles business.
I’ll tell you another subject that I’m going to start talking about because nobody talks about it. Corporate inversion, where companies are going over to other places. You know it used to be they moved from New York to Florida, they moved from New Jersey to…Pfizer is talking about moving to Ireland. Or someplace else. We’re talking about Pfizer. Do you know how big that is? It would wipe out New Jersey. I mean that is a massive Merck.
They have $2.5 trillion sitting out of the country that they can’t get back because they don’t want to pay the tax. Nor would I. Everybody agrees that shouldn’t happen. We should let them back in. Everybody. Even if you paid nothing it would be a good deal. Because they’ll take that money then and use it for other things.
But they’ll pay something. Ten percent, they’ll pay something. Every Republican, every Democrat for years they have all agreed … They all agree. So now what’s happening is companies are moving out to get their money. And they’re moving out because they’ll pay lower taxes. That’s a huge problem.
You don’t have any Cayman accounts?
No I don’t. I could have.
I could have and I said – I’ve been thinking about doing this – that really hurt Romney in my book, when he set up these stupid accounts. In the end, when you do the Cayman accounts you don’t gain that much.
They can’t do it.
And they use pollsters to tell you what they think, that they’re just not real. And then you’re presenting yourself as the more authentic person. That’s the underlying —
I’m a person who’s had great success in getting things done. They do use pollsters. I’m much richer than all of them put together. I don’t want to pay a pollster. They pay these pollsters a hundred thousand dollars a month for doing what?
And then these guys come in and they want to be tough. Like Romney, but the time he got to the last debate he couldn’t even talk. He was afraid to say anything.
In 2014, you had Republicans saying we’re going to take back Congress, we need it. And they raised five hundred million dollars to do it. The first thing we’re going to do is repeal Obamacare. And they haven’t done it.
They joked. They couldn’t do it.
They got elected on the basis. So they got in, something happened.
Look, I was just as disappointed in the Republicans as I am the Democrats. I mean at least the Democrats you know where they’re coming from. The Republicans – and many of them got elected on the basis of we’re going to get rid of Obamacare.
It’s almost like when they get to Washington, I will not let this happen to me. They’re so enamored with the magnificence that they sort of say, “Oh, we can’t do this. We can’t do that.” They become different. Does that make sense?
It’s just so false and so phony and they can’t move. It’s moribund. They become weak and ineffective except at one thing: get themselves reelected…I have friends who are in Congress and they run every two years. And good guys, I’ve known then for a long time. As soon as that cycle is up, you know they win their election, then they take one day off and then the next day they start fundraising.
All they do it fundraise. They don’t really govern. They just fundraise. Their whole life is raising money. And I say what percentage of the time you’re raising money as opposed to legislating? …I mean they’re constantly – it’s that time of year, you come in. I mean that’s all they do is raise money.
They’re puppets. I’m the only non-puppet in the group.
Well I wasn’t an asker. I would just give just in case. I would always be treated well. But I’ll say this. If the Speaker of the House, somebody they come up to see you and they’d like to know if you’d make a contribution. It’s not a lot of money.
Let’s say you say no. “No, I’m sorry, I can’t. I have great respect for you, I like you a lot. I will not make a contribution.” “Oh, thank you Mr. Trump, thank you.” Now let’s say three years go by and I call, I need something from the Speaker of the House or I need something from somebody.
We’re talking really human nature, okay. It’s fairly hard. It’s the rare politician that can do what’s right in the face of massive contributions. And who can blame them. You could say you’re disloyal. You can do whatever you want to say. But let’s say you say no and then you call three years later. Nothing quid pro quo, none of that stuff. 100%.
Hillary’s thing with the speeches is interesting because to me that’s just as interesting as the emails. Because you look at the speeches and you look at the people who are paying all of that money for those speeches and then approvals of … going to be granted are granted. To me that’s as big a deal. People have forgotten about that.
Yes, he’s a member of my club. Well you saw my Tweets on David where all these guys … they’re tying to get money and influence … He’s a member of my club… Big guy. So is his brother, a big guy. And I think they’re well meaning people too by the way. I think they’re actually very well meaning people. But when I see all these guys running over to go get money – okay so when David calls and needs something do you think they’re going to say no? Possible. It’s just something that’s pretty far out. It’s pretty much impossible.
I’m a deal maker, when a person makes a deal … But I’ve taken on some really bad deals and made the other side suffer.
They don’t…It’s a terrible deal. But I would enforce that deal like they never saw … I’d demand to go – and the twenty-four day thing is ridiculous. And the fact that we didn’t get the prisoners back is ridiculous.
There are so many things wrong with it….I’m a dealmaker…There are things in the deal that I’m sure Kerry doesn’t even know about that I will find. And if they make a mistake they’ve got big problems.
I’ve been very lucky, they’re both smart and both went to the Wharton School. Tiffany goes to Penn and Ivanka went to the Wharton School, both very good students. Tiffany’s got all A’s, Ivanka the same, very good students.
Ivanka was interesting because I’m very strong on women’s health issues. And I couldn’t believe what Bush said last week about he wouldn’t fund, essentially wouldn’t fund women’s health issues. And I hit him hard. And she came back and she said I’m so glad you did that Dad, because people don’t know how you respect women, they don’t know how you get it, and you have to get that word out.
Well they’ve been saying the ceiling from the time I started in six. When I first got in it was six. Well that’s the ceiling and he’ll stay around there …There was one poll that said thirty-two.
People are surprised, it’s the Tea Party but it’s also straight across the board. It’s men, it’s women, it’s a lot of Democrats. In fact … said you were better with the Democrats…The states where they know me best there’s a huge positive. In fact I had the biggest swing of anybody that they’ve seen. You know what I mean, right?
So I think that’s just a question of time. And I think that I will be the one to beat Hillary.
Well he’d love that. I love a third party too. I think Bernie Sanders should run on the Green Party. I think that Bernie Sanders should run. I would love to see Bernie Sanders…Now look, I’m running as a Republican. I’m running as a Republican … And honestly they’ve been treating me fairly. I don’t want nice or anything I just want fair. They’ve been very fair.
Because I don’t think the people running for office are real. Because Jeb Bush and others will come out against women’s health issues because – and then he’ll say he misspoke. You’ll see that. He misspoke. Five hours late he comes in with the opposite…I really think they have to throw a lot of their consultants away and just be themselves. I think it’s one of the things that’s helped me. You know, I’m a smart person. I don’t have somebody telling me what I should say.
And I don’t want to go against myself either when I believe in something. Because that’s false. I saw it today with … you saw it big league with [Wisconsin Gov. Scott] Walker today. When he made a statement based on my immigration plan and then his consultants said you’ve got to change that. But I think they would do better if they were themselves.
I think that’s what they need. There’s so little authenticity in many of the people that I’m watching. And that includes the other side. Hillary. I mean it certainly includes Hillary…
Look, I do say this. Just in watching – I give speeches on success for friends and for charities. I put the money into charity. And they pay me a lot. I will say this, over my lifetime I’ve seen a lot of very smart people who were quitters. They never made it. And I’ve seen people that weren’t as smart who never ever, ever gave up. And those were the people that made it. And I’ve seen it to this day. I’ve seen people that graduated … in school who were super geniuses. And they never made it. And I’ve seen people that were not as smart as them and they’re the biggest people out there. And the ones that are the biggest people are the people that never gave up. It’s something I’ve just observed over the years.
No, I don’t give up.
I see your senator, what a stiff. What a stiff: Lindsey Graham.
And then you have this guy Lindsey Graham, a total lightweight. Here's a guy — in the private sector he couldn't get a job. Believe me. Couldn't get a job. He couldn't do what you people did. You're retired as hell and rich. He wouldn't be rich; he'd be poor.
And then I watch this idiot Lindsey Graham on television today, and he calls me a jackass.
"I said to myself, you know, it's amazing. [Graham] doesn't seem like a very bright guy. He actually probably seems to me not as bright, honestly, as [former Texas Gov.] Rick Perry. I think Rick Perry honestly is smarter than Lindsey Graham, but what do I know?
We have a president who just can't say a few words: 'Put the flags at half-mast for the five Marines that were just killed.' Why? Why? Why? ... It's almost like, does he read the papers? Does he watch television? We're tired of being pushed around, kicked around ... and led by stupid people. They're stupid people!
I see Rick Perry the other day. ... He's doing very poorly in the polls. He put on glasses so people will think he's smart. And it just doesn't work! You know people can see through the glasses!
The new governor, Governor Abbott ... I see him, he's so vicious. He used to be a really nice guy. He used to come see me for contributions, for support. All of a sudden he wants to show [mocking voice] he's a tough guy with Trump. So tough.
I'm not a fan of Jeb Bush, because Jeb Bush is a fan of Common Core and weak on immigration. ... And he's not a dealmaker. Who would you rather have negotiating against China?
They're all talk, no action, so they won't do anything, anyway, just so you understand. They can talk all they want.
ships that are five times longer than this totally sold-out building along with the amphitheaters, by the way. The press never reports that [presumably, on the sold-out crowds]. They never report that. But that's OK. I have many millions [of followers] between Twitter and Facebook. It's great. It's like owning a newspaper without the losses. It's incredible.
The press is very dishonest.
Believe me, [the Chinese] tax you [via currency manipulation]. We don't tax, because we have people that are stupid. ... The problem with free trade is you need smart people on our side. ... [gestures around] I could take some of the people up here, I could put them in. They'd do a great job.
You can win against China if you're smart. But our people don't have a clue. We give state dinners to the heads of China. I say 'Why are you doing state dinners for them? They're ripping us left and right. Just take them to McDonald's and go back to the negotiating table.' It's true!
I really like Mexico. It's a great place. The problem we have is that their leaders are much smarter and sharper and cunning than our leaders. ... Is not anybody sharper and smarter and more cunning than our leaders?
'Fellas' — and it is fellas, because they haven't figured out that the women are smarter than the men — ... you've got to let our prisoners go.
Bunch of clowns. Bunch of real clowns.
Some of the candidates, they went in and didn't know the air conditioner didn't work and sweated like dogs, and they didn't know the room was too big because they didn't have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS?
I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen, and people are saying, 'What is going on? I just want want a job.'
Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk and no action. They will not bring us — believe me — to the Promised Land. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend who is a doctor, and he said to me the other day, 'Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses.'
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.
Free trade is terrible. Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people. But we have stupid people.
When Mexico sends its people, they are not sending their best. They are sending people that have lots of problems. They are bringing those problems to us. They are bringing drugs and they are bringing crime and their rapists, and some are good people, and I speak to border guards and they tell us what we are getting."
When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time. When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over here by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't exist, folks.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. It's true.
Islamic terrorism is heating up!
They built a hotel. When I build a hotel, I have to pay interest. They don't have to pay interest because they took the oil when we left Iraq, I said we should have taken. So now ISIS has the oil.
Last week I read 2,300 Humvees — these are big vehicles, they were left behind for the enemy. You would say maybe two, maybe four? Twenty-three hundred sophisticated vehicles. I have so many websites. I have them all over the place. I hire people ... it costs me three dollars. We have a disaster called the Big Lie — Obamacare..@politico has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
True!
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM.
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
I will be interviewed on @CNN New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC at 10:00 A.M.
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30.
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon!
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York.
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Thanks.
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate.
With @williebosshog, a great guy, at our 20,000 people event in Oklahoma last week.
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root.
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy!
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great!
Carl Icahn said this about me: "I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America:
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!http://t.co/kDOyCqwuqI
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks. https://t.co/FbNl1G5Awg
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference
#Trump2016
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
Hope we all enjoy @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at…
#VVS15 #2016election
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you @FrankLuntz
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
.@THR "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?"
.@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing'
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office-
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll!
The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward…
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome @colbertlateshow
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed.
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
.@JuliInkster Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads"
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
Via HuffPost Pollster #1
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
I got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes.
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions.
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it!
Jeb has been confused for forty years-
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs!
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends now. Enjoy!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next, at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today!
A great night in Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow-
I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment.
Thank you.
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!
-- Donald J. Trump
Wow, great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via Breitbart
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews. A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun!
#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll-
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win!
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info:
If you’re a veteran in Los Angeles, I want you to join me and @V4SA today 9/15 on @USSIowa Sign up here!
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas!
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us!
The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone
Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun.
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times.
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M. ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30.
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally"
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here-
A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker-
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
Via @USATODAY- "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal"
Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%).
I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert.
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN together!
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem:
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Wow, the Dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! Get your tickets (American Airlines Center) FAST!
Just announced that because of "Trump", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast, before it is too late!
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
Terrific response to my previous tweet: "I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM." …
So nice, thank you Laura.
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. Will be great to be back in Texas.
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier.
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran!
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes!
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews
See, I told you so
This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said…
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Via @BreitbartNews "TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT"-
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
Thank you @AmSpec
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again @tperkins
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
The crowd in South Carolina was amazing. We set records and had a great time. Will be back soon.
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos.
True, thanks.
Thanks.
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
@realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump2016
Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump" Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank.
Thank you Greta.
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me-
Depression- be careful of China!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it #1for pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
Great!
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back!
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@WNTonight please correct your story tonight. The public is fed-up with bad reporting for the sake of sensationalizing something!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement "we're going to get them out so fast, so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE
Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot.
On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor!
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again!
Another great poll result! Thank you!
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit -- it is selling fast!
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support:
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
.@jasondhorowitz I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
It does matter!
HP tracking 139 polls | 28 pollsters.
#1 Trump 24.1%
#2 Bush 10.7%
#3 Carson 8.6%
#4 Rubio 6.8%
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Not under my watch-
Echelon poll says Trump has 3x the support of rivals.
Trump: 29%
Carson: 10%
Fiorina/Rub…
@realDonaldTrump
Overall #1 @22%
Economy #1 @ 37%
Immigration #1 @ 35%
Terrorism #1 @ 21% &amp; more!
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
#GOP Debate &amp; 2016 Ballots 08/10/2015.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Our online store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
@realDonaldTrump
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes!
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE
.@KathieLGifford, Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business
@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME so where did you find that dumb panel.
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #TrumpForPresident 🇺🇸
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor!
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability
Thank you.
Thanks.
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
#1. @realDonaldTrump • 26%
#2. Jeb Bush • 15%
#3. Scott Walker • 9%
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates-
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water.
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is reporting Bush "delight" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
“Cashiinin Special 1130aET Saturday, Fox News. #WakeUpAmerica
#Trump2016
@RealDonaldTrump #RonaldReagan great pic &amp; great men
Pols Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!"
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
Thank you for your service!
Thank you.
cc:@LindseyGrahamSC
@GovernorPerry @GovChristie
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; he's his own backer"
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you.
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
#ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida”
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL"
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked”
“@marklevinshow: ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”
via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'”
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”
My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again!
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss! Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail.
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2%
Thanks Lou.
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again!
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls”
Thanks.
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
Thank you, Greta.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again!
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL"
Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you @DennisRodman. It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well!
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
True!
True, thanks.
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo.
Arriving to check out the border.
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Great read: “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'”
True.
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!
.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Great!
Thanks.
True!
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
.@AC360 Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban"
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again!
Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again!
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER”
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!
True, thanks.
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via @gatewaypundit: “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing”
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-http://t.co/bgKmJ8TU67
Response to the Des Moines Register-
Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: "Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering"
.@ZachJohnsonPGA You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd @nbc Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
#ABC #NEWS • #Washington, releases poll @ 5pET with @realDonaldTrump at 24% &amp; 2nd place coming in at 13%...
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
My @USATOpinion piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured"
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
Wow, @SharylAttkisson just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’”
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain-
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
Amazing!
Thank you.
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.”
Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” Lying on campaign trail!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again!
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up"
@MichaelCohen212
“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”
It’s the Bush way!
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house. Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again. #Iran
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran" via @theblaze’
Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery”
Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery”
“30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP” via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!
Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO”
They are great people!
Thank you.
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
Thank you Piers.
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support. Best wishes.
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
@realDonaldTrump cannot be bought for any price.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Who do you want negotiating for us?
Response to Hillary Clinton-
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump2016
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's
Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14%
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration"
Have some fun with this-
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license.
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, "Mexico is sending....", which turned out to be true? El Chapo
likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: "TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX"
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: "Breaking Down the Trump Factor" Let's Make America Great Again!
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again!
Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix"
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again!
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles”
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again!
“Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” via @FoxNews by @toddstarnes
I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses.
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center.
Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched”
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
Via @trscoop: "WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE"
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
They thought he wouldn't file w/ FEC. He says he will.
They thought he'd tone it do…
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again!
True, thanks.
Thanks.
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both”
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” via @BreitbartNews
“@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”
via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump”
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve", doing well, end!
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Listen Here
Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement”
Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: "Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim"
Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'”
Would the people of the US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!!
Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense”
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
.@natalie_gulbis Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: "Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech"
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Via @limbaugh: “See, Trump Told You So”
“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
MUST READ-"It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star" SECURE THE BORDER!
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@realDonaldTrump was dead on
So why are the So called Republicans running for Pres duck…
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Flashback – Jeb Bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” He will never secure the border.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
Via @BreitbartNews: "GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB"
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: "Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration"
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border We need a wall!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it.
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo We need border security!
Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa”
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again!
Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’”
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway! @GovernorPerry
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall!
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense”
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - We need leaders who understand business.
“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer
Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : “Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point”
Via Huffington Post "Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner" by Igor Bobic
Via World Tribune "The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner
Via @trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!”
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees-
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy.
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
.@GovernorPataki couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
to the media, lobbyists or anyone else."
.@andersoncooper Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp; SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!…
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
Via @THESHARKTANK1: "Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate"
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
@tedcruz, now I know you're smart! See you soon.
#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
Thank you Ted.
Every #commonsense American knew he meant…
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
Statement on Relationship with NBC-
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!…
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS: "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel"
Remember, Univision apologized!
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone! @AlWaleedbinT
I will be speaking at the City Club of Chicago luncheon today where they turned away thousands of people (Sun Times). Get a larger room!
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks”
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again!
Must read article via @fitsnews: "DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO"
An interesting and very sad article on rape at the border. Thank you @HuffingtonPost.
A great article by @NolteNC
spelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "Trump" - actually, you always knew!
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S. Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
Once again the Bush appointed Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V.
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high.
Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
.@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite.
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you.
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland-
Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’
My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'”
@realDonaldTrump @steinhauserNH1 #FITN http://t.co/…
Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.”
“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” via @CBSNews
Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official”
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
True.
.@DanaPerino Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Guess who was POTUS then?
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream!
.@JordanSpieth Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
Thank you.
.@deneenborelli Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
.@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs"
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father.
Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: "Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president"
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
.@patrickbuchanan thx 4 your great article. Our country is in big trouble w/the dopey politicians that are running it
Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: "Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope!
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.
Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview!
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, "Sixteen"
Thank you.
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech-
Thanks Eric.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion.
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope!
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks.
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them.
Great!
Thanks.
Will do, thanks.
Great!
Thanks.
LIVE on #Periscope
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Should not pass--bad deal!
Thanks.
Thank you.
True!
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you.
There is.
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.
Thanks.
Great, thanks.
Thank you.
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago."
Bold Statement !
WE AGREE
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag:
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago."
Thank you.
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse”
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH”
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection!
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.
Via @GravisMarketing: “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status”
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: "In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid"
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!"
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again!
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back”
“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” via @msnbc by @janestreet
.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night! @NCGOP is a top state party!
Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville”
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time..
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again!
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before!
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!
Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville”
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic!
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction!
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse”
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year!
“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune!
The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015.
Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico”
Via @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House”
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
June 16th
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers
Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings”
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice !
I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video-
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again!
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously”
“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas” via @Vegascom by Renée Libutti
My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again!
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'”
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Good advice from my mother:
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
Will be doing @greta interview tomorrow. So much to talk about!
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job!
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
My honor.
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D"
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think BIG!
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again!
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me.
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016"
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course
Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”
Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink”
Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again”
Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p...
.@KirstenPowers New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
Signing The Facebook Wall - I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY.
.@megynkelly Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on @FoxNews!
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans”
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today-
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! "@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! "@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans!
Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!
“Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.” – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable -- but don't take things personally. That's good business.
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President”
FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.
“Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” via @thehill by @SmiloTweets
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! @TrumpGolf
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big”
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. Such a waste.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” Let's Make America Great Again!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again!
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM!
Via @Newsmax_Media: "14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well"
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision”
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! Leaving now!
.@BillRancic Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: "Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq"
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean
“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again”
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous Iraq war all over again
My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again!
“Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious”
via @bostonherald by @JaclynCashman
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE!
Via @PRNewswire “Streetsense Brings "The National," a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel”
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’”
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there!
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight @ericbolling
#TrumpAdvice
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE”
“Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority”
Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization
.@kilmeade It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
#TBT With my friend @muhammadali
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevant -- glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show -- a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you.
Via RealClear Politics
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game!
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13%
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
Thank you.
True. Thanks.
Thanks.
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.
Good luck! Enjoy.
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!
Thank you!
Thanks.
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
True!
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM.
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
I will be interviewed on @CNN New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you.
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday -- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game!
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13%
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
Thank you.
True. Thanks.
Thanks.
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.
Good luck! Enjoy.
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!
Thank you!
Thanks.
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% -- Wow!
.@politico has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
True!
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM.
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars — I said no — total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
I will be interviewed on @CNN New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC at 10:00 A.M.
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. Talking about the state of the race for president, and more. Enjoy!
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#NHPolitics #FITN https://t.co/I1lMmcYk3l
Thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/yhQUQiuswl
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video:
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid! RNC
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
Why are @JebBush flunkies @ananavarro and @secupp, two of the dumbest people in politics, always on the @CNN panels..and yet Poll:Trump 39
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Will be talking about Hillary and far more interesting subjects. Enjoy!
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/XNV9Bg2ccY
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Story: https://t.co/wm9Y7E9RzB
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
.@danielhalper Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Story: https://t.co/PSeVbWUJIV
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/Sqim2YyoCH
Hillary, when you complain about "a penchant for sexism," who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media. New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL TRUMP 39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18 CARSON 10 RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 37 CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.
VIDEO: https://t.co/dE9odwIRQi
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! https://t.co/ikjkpmOAeu
THANK YOU America!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - Michigan!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - New Hampshire!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/zZleg3vnJN
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! https://t.co/PPrriLTFgA
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' https://t.co/sk713ir5NQ
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.
#Trump2016 https://t.co/cUy3VaDAGo
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
.@jonkarl was totally misled, and he fell for it, that Hillary wants to run against me. She knows that I am her worst nightmare-Jon doesn't!
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/dlpd0EkR45
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
Another new post-debate poll.
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/1O67oFDofU
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; don’t be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
.@CharlesHurt Thanks for defending me so brilliantly against @MelindaDC -- Always tough when they falsify.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized."
New Reuters poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! https://t.co/teKBaKdXzK
You do not want to miss @BarbaraJWalters 10 Most Fascinating People of 2015 @ABC • 9:30pmE. https://t.co/CfeaC06kiq
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 https://t.co/0P4qSnAltb
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-https://t.co/QcqOsG3jqo
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more.
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
#GOPDebate #Trump2016
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/Bwyu1U3rHU
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it!
.@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I won't forget!
#TheRemembranceProject
https://t.co/XHIweo9LWG
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 https://t.co/J0qJaIg35u
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/dfH0ABwZk0
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.
Very nice! #Trump2016
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/vz73TaAjjc
More people attack him…
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion,’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
.@danawhite Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/iWcW5kfI9i
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. https://t.co/svQQhAHBow
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General. #Trump2016
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/EtpzrfChMZ
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so.
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41!
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/ENjJkTEQIJ
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 https://t.co/2HdnA6snnz
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016
I will not let you down!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/IKXGxoi0lA
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Sorry to disappoint -- @realDonaldTrump is terrific. #DealWithIt
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia! The just out Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. https://t.co/UZ03GJDvOV
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland.
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning! I fixed his rating problem.
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! https://t.co/JrjHyLRkD6
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/yOJTHcSPJo
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! … …
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily for her powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock! @CNN
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: https://t.co/VmkTnHcwto
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016
I am interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it!
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now! … …
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to @CNN!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 https://t.co/EAqHZ5ttmp
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent.
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! …
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%, but @WSJ reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 https://t.co/Ko0rypNsx8
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: https://t.co/d1dhaIs0S7
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them!
#RememberOurVets
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes-
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me, he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
I have been saying it for sometime now!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
.@BrookslawBrooks Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama &amp; the e-mails!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
.@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter &amp; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest!
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts.
Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! https://t.co/vT3uGjiZ9B
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?
.@marthamaccallum Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts:
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
Watch my live book signing now!
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.
Thank you!! #Trump2016
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week!
Via @DrudgeReport:
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #Trump2016
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming!
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses.
#Trump2016
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head. SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope!
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends AT 7:30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm
What is Obama thinking?
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump.
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air!
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Pollster Trend
National GOP Average
223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI
via @WKRG
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; @realDonaldTrump IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT!
Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews. As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! https://t.co/wrDEhXJlvR
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about-
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
Great poll numbers! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
#LEO #LESM #Trump2016
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for
wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews.
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on
@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020!
.@washingtonpost @BretBaier Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it!
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength-
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE.
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - he’s almost last.
John Kasich ad guy wanted to work for me, but his proposal was a rip off – I said NO! Now ripping Kasich.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/sZDJr3Tkd8
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it.
Has anybody read this story about Marco Rubio - devastating!
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016
Thank you (Chris) @TheFix. I have great respect for professionals that are willing to report so honestly &amp; fairly.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
A great review of my Aberdeen course by prestigious @GolfMonthly. Some say greatest ever built. @TrumpScotland
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
We need new leadership- fast!
I skipped a speech given years ago at Mar-a-Lago by dopey @GeorgeWill because he’s BORING—he never forgot!
Dopey @GeorgeWill, a big proponent of the Iraq War and other catastrophes, doesn’t like me very much. That means I win!
Broken down political pundit @GeorgeWill, who is wrong almost all of the time, should be thrown off @FoxNews. Boring and totally biased!
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Ben Carson is being severely criticized for being incapable of understanding foreign policy be one of his top consultants. Not good!
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll"
Very nice article from Daily Mail
Great New Poll
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.

Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.…
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing?
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better!
.@seanhannity Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
Happy Friday the 13th
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest!
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was "so, so."
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
People Magazine: "Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See"
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying!
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan
.@CNN should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest.
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments. I will help the veterans like no one else.
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit, so stay tuned!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial.
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob," who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1, easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame!
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran, merely considered running!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, "he's my friend!" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy, no friend!"
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The new book by @realDonaldTrump is best seller in the making."
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don’t miss it!
My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics.
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up?
.@CharlesMBlow Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm!
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
I will be on Sirius XM RADIO, National News Show, at 7:30 A.M. (Monday) hosted by the great Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear: That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio READ THIS:
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
.@thehill John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy!
Few people know that @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer...https://t.co/WuN4AV9IMT
Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!”
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
Thank you @CharlesHurt for the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing @politico. How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don’t miss it!
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate?
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/wEdauo3Drm
Thank you!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you!
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll.
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! https://t.co/ZPiXAR5rFC
Thank you! #GOPDebate
MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/UB8XqapdzZ
Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
Via @MailOnline "Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"-
@CNBC POLL TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22 CARSON 19.78 RUBIO 9.67....
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%!
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans:
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN @realDonaldTrump 35.6% #Trump2016
Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story.
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam: What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't.
#Trump2016
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
.@ByronYork Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you! @CNN
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW! New Hampshire TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8% South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Will be doing a sit down interview with @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami.
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of @Cher--- greatly appreciated!
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at Be careful, don't get ripped-off
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe, thanks for not running!
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany?
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office)
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post TRUMP 32 CARSON 22 RUBIO 10 BUSH 7 Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP 28 (up 10) CARSON 16 BUSH 9 RUBIO 6 CRUZ 5 Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
.@KarlRove Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Lots of great new polls--big leads!
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016
See, the attack very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision.
Via @IBTimes: "Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"
Interesting reading re September 11th
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW!
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday-
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews at 6:00 P.M.
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect" caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
Does everyone remember @MittRomney and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@MittRomney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
Amazing! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing-
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say-
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond.
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
.@JebBush,
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner.
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
A great new poll-33%!
Nice story from @businessinsider
.@scottienhughes Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! &amp;
Signing my tax return....
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast!
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one! @RogerJStoneJr
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
Wow, I am giving a speech on OAN. Much more exciting than debate!
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #DemDebate
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time - but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th -- look forward to it!
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you.
Via RealClear Politics
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game!
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13%
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
Thank you.
True. Thanks.
Thanks.
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.
Good luck! Enjoy.
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!
Thank you!
Thanks.
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
True!
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM.
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
I will be interviewed on @CNN New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC at 10:00 A.M.